---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tagung.png
title: Tagung
categories: [German]
tags: [German, Language, Vocabulary]
---

## Tagung

A **Tagung** is a German word that refers to a conference or a meeting. It is commonly used to describe formal gatherings where people discuss specific topics or share their expertise. The word **Tagung** can be used in different contexts to describe different types of meetings or conferences.

### Definitions

1. **Conference**: As a noun, **Tagung** specifically refers to a formal conference or meeting where individuals from various fields come together to discuss a particular subject or topic. These conferences can range from small workshops to large-scale international forums.

2. **Meeting**: **Tagung** is also used more broadly to describe any kind of formal meeting, whether it is a business meeting, academic assembly, or even a governmental session. Regardless of the size and purpose, all these gatherings can be referred to as a **Tagung**.

3. **Symposium**: In academia, **Tagung** is often used interchangeably with the term **Symposium**. A **Tagung** or **Symposium** generally involves presentations, speeches, and discussions among experts in a specific field.

### Opposites and Synonyms

**Opposites:** 

- Unkonferenz (Unconference): Unlike a traditional conference, an **Unkonferenz** is a participant-driven event where attendees have the freedom to discuss and organize the agenda themselves, promoting collaboration and spontaneity.

**Synonyms:** 

- Konferenz (Conference): **Tagung** and **Konferenz** are often used as synonyms, both referring to formal meetings or conferences. However, **Tagung** generally implies a more structured and organized gathering, while **Konferenz** can be used more broadly.

### Examples

1. "Die internationale **Tagung** 체ber erneuerbare Energien findet n채chste Woche in Berlin statt." (The international conference on renewable energy will take place in Berlin next week.)

2. "Die **Tagung** der Wissenschaftler hat zu neuen Erkenntnissen im Bereich der Krebsforschung gef체hrt." (The scientists' conference has led to new findings in the field of cancer research.)

3. "Das Unternehmen organisiert eine **Tagung**, um die neuen Gesch채ftsziele mit den Mitarbeitern zu diskutieren." (The company is organizing a meeting to discuss the new business goals with the employees.)

In conclusion, a **Tagung** refers to a formal conference or meeting, commonly used in German to describe gatherings where individuals discuss specific topics or share their expertise. It is synonymous with the term **Konferenz** but typically implies a more structured and organized event.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tagung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tagung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>