---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Biene.png
title: "Biene"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Biene** (noun) is a commonly used German word that translates to "bee" in English. This insect holds great significance for both its functionality in nature and its cultural symbolism. Below, you will find various aspects related to the definition, opposites, synonyms, and examples of the word "Biene."

## Definitions

1. A bee is a small, flying insect known for its role in pollination, producing honey, and living in social colonies.
2. In colloquial usage, the term "Biene" can be used figuratively to describe someone who is hardworking, busy, or lively.

## Opposites

- Wasp (Wespe): In contrast to the generally friendly and non-aggressive nature of bees, wasps can be more aggressive and have a painful sting.

## Synonyms

1. Honigbiene: specifically refers to a honeybee, emphasizing its role in honey production.
2. Wildbiene: denotes a solitary bee that does not live in social colonies.

## Examples

1. Die Biene sammelte fleißig Pollen in den Blumen. (The bee diligently collected pollen from the flowers.)
2. Meine Nachbarin ist immer wie eine fleißige Biene unterwegs. (My neighbor is always busy like a busy bee.)

The word "Biene" encompasses both the insect and its metaphorical usage, highlighting its importance in nature and its symbolism in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Biene" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Biene%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>