---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hochzeit.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: "Hochzeit"
---

**Hochzeit** [(noun)] is a German word that refers to the celebration of a marriage or wedding. This term is primarily used in the context of the formal ceremony where two people become legally united in matrimony. However, its usage can also extend to encompass the broader festivities and customs associated with the event. Here, we explore the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to the word "Hochzeit."

**Definitions:**

- *Eheschließung:* The act of getting married or entering into a marital union.

**Opposites:**

- *Trennung:* Separation or divorce, indicating the end of a marriage.
- *Singleleben:* The single life, denoting an individual's unmarried status.

**Synonyms:**

- *Trauung:* The act of solemnizing a marriage through a formal ceremony.
- *Heirat:* The term used to describe the legal act of getting married.

**Examples:**

1. *Die Hochzeit findet in einer schönen Kirche statt.* - The wedding takes place in a beautiful church.
2. *Auf der Hochzeit gab es eine ausgelassene Feier.* - There was a lively celebration at the wedding.
3. *Nach der Hochzeit flogen sie in die Flitterwochen nach Bali.* - After the wedding, they flew to Bali for their honeymoon.

In German culture, weddings hold significant importance and are often grand affairs marked by various customs and traditions. The word "Hochzeit" encompasses both the symbolic ritual of joining two individuals in marriage and the celebratory event filled with joy and festivities.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hochzeit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hochzeit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>