---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
title: Fahrrad
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, transportation]

---

Fahrrad is a German word for a bicycle. As a mode of transportation, a bicycle serves as a sustainable and eco-friendly alternative to motorized vehicles. 

### Synonyms

- Zweirad (two-wheeler)
- Rad (bike)

### Opposites

- Auto (car)
- Motorrad (motorcycle)

### Examples

- Ich fahre gerne mit dem Fahrrad zur Arbeit. (I like to ride my bike to work.)
- In Deutschland fahren viele Menschen mit dem Fahrrad. (Many people in Germany ride bicycles.) 

Learning the German word for a bicycle can be helpful for navigating a country known for its extensive bike paths and cycling culture.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
title: Fahrrad [noun]
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, transportation]
---

*Fahrrad* is a common German word that refers to a bicycle, a pedal-powered vehicle designed for transportation or recreation. It is a compound noun made up of *Fahr* (ride/drive) and *Rad* (wheel). 

**Opposites:**

The opposite of *Fahrrad* is *Auto* (car) or *Motorrad* (motorcycle). Cars have motors and are designed for greater speed and distance, while bicycles are more human-powered and suitable for shorter trips. 

**Synonyms:**

- *Rad*: This refers to a wheel in general or the cycling sport.
- *Bike*: This is the English word for bicycle that is also commonly used in German.

**Examples:**

- Ich fahre gern Fahrrad im Park. (I like to ride a bike in the park.)
- Kannst du mir dein Fahrrad ausleihen? (Can you lend me your bike?)
- Heute nehme ich das Fahrrad statt des Autos. (Today I'm taking the bike instead of the car.)

Overall, *Fahrrad* is an important word when it comes to getting around in Germany. Many Germans use bicycles as their main mode of transportation, especially in cities where bike lanes and parking facilities are readily available. Learning this word is key to being able to navigate transportation and enjoy the many bike trails and paths throughout Germany.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>