---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kraft.png
title: Kraft
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition:
Kraft (noun) in German refers to physical strength or power. It can also signify force or energy. This word can be used to describe both physical and mental strength.

### Opposites:
The opposite of Kraft is Schwäche, which means weakness. While Kraft represents power and strength, Schwäche represents a lack thereof.

### Synonyms:
Some synonyms for Kraft include Stärke, Energie, and Potenz. These words can be used interchangeably to convey the concept of strength or power.

### Examples:
Here are a few examples of how the word Kraft can be used in different contexts:

1. Die körperliche Kraft des Gewichthebers beeindruckte alle Zuschauer. (The physical strength of the weightlifter impressed all the spectators.)
2. Seine mentale Kraft half ihm dabei, schwierige Entscheidungen zu treffen. (His mental strength helped him make difficult decisions.)
3. Ohne die nötige Kraft kann man keine Veränderungen im Leben bewirken. (Without the necessary strength, one cannot effect any changes in life.)
4. Mit viel Kraft und Ausdauer konnte sie das Marathonrennen erfolgreich beenden. (With a lot of strength and endurance, she successfully completed the marathon race.)

Kraft is a versatile word that encompasses various aspects of power and strength. Whether it is physical strength, mental fortitude, or the force behind an action, Kraft plays a vital role in expressing these concepts in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kraft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kraft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>