---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: Freiheit
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Freiheit means "freedom" in English. It is derived from the German word "frei," which means "free." Freiheit is a noun and refers to the state of being free from physical, social, or mental constraints.

## Opposites

- Abhängigkeit (dependence): This term denotes the opposite of Freiheit, symbolizing a lack of independence and the presence of a reliance on something or someone.
- Unfreiheit (unfreedom): Unfreiheit is the direct antonym of Freiheit and represents the absence of freedom.

## Synonyms

- Autonomie (autonomy): A synonym for Freiheit, Autonomie signifies the ability to govern oneself and make decisions independently.
- Selbstbestimmung (self-determination): Self-determination embodies the essence of Freiheit and denotes the power to control one's own destiny.

## Examples

Here are a few examples to demonstrate the usage of Freiheit:

1. Die Freiheit der Meinungsäußerung ist ein Grundrecht. (Freedom of speech is a fundamental right.)
2. Der Häftling sehnte sich nach Freiheit. (The prisoner longed for freedom.)
3. Im Urlaub genieße ich die Freiheit, keine Verpflichtungen zu haben. (During vacations, I cherish the freedom of having no commitments.)

Freiheit is a term that holds immense significance in various contexts, such as political, personal, and social spheres. It represents the fundamental human desire to be liberated and unrestricted in one's actions and choices.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>