---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Random.png
title: Random German Word - Wunderbar
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [german, word, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
The random German word is "Wunderbar." This word is an adjective and is commonly used in everyday conversations. Its literal translation to English is "wonderful." 

Wunderbar is typically used to describe something or someone that is excellent, fantastic, or marvelous. This word carries a positive connotation and expresses enthusiasm or appreciation for something.

## Opposite
The opposite of wunderbar is "schrecklich" which means "terrible" or "horrible." While wunderbar signifies positivity, schrecklich represents negativity or a lack of satisfaction.

**Example**: 
Person A: "Wie war der Film gestern Abend?" (How was the movie last night?)
Person B: "Der Film war wunderbar!" (The movie was wonderful!)

## Synonyms
There are several synonyms that can be used interchangeably with wunderbar to convey a similar meaning. Some common alternatives include:

- großartig (great)
- herrlich (magnificent)
- fantastisch (fantastic)
- ausgezeichnet (excellent)
- hervorragend (outstanding)

**Example**:
Person A: "Wie war dein Urlaub?" (How was your vacation?)
Person B: "Mein Urlaub war fantastisch! Ich habe viele tolle Dinge erlebt." (My vacation was fantastic! I experienced many amazing things.)

In conclusion, wunderbar is a versatile word in the German language that allows individuals to express their delight or admiration for something or someone. It serves as a positive descriptor, and its opposite is schrecklich. Synonyms such as großartig, herrlich, fantastisch, ausgezeichnet, and hervorragend can be used interchangeably to enhance one's vocabulary and express similar sentiments. So, next time you encounter something truly wonderful, don't hesitate to describe it as wunderbar!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Random" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Random%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>