---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fenster.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Fenster
---

**Fenster** (Window) is a common German word which is used to describe an opening in a wall or a building through which light and air can enter. It has multiple definitions, opposite words, synonyms, and can be used in various contexts. Let's explore them!

**Definitions:**
- Öffnung im Gebäude, durch die man hinaus- und hereinschauen kann (Opening in a building through which one can look in and out)
- Verglasung im Gebäude (Glazing in a building)
- Ausschnitt, durch den etwas sichtbar wird (Cutout through which something becomes visible)

**Opposites:**
- Tür (Door): While a door provides access to a space, a window does not allow passage.
- Wand (Wall): Windows are typically present in walls, providing a view outside or allowing light to enter, while walls are solid structures.

**Synonyms:**
- Luken (Hatch): Generally used to describe small, sometimes circular, openings found on ships or in some buildings.
- Glasscheibe (Glass pane): Refers to the glass part of a window, which can be opened or closed.

**Examples:**
1. Das Fenster ist offen und lässt frische Luft herein. (The window is open and lets fresh air in.)
2. Der Blick aus dem Fenster war atemberaubend. (The view from the window was breathtaking.)
3. Das Fenster im Klassenzimmer war verschmiert. (The window in the classroom was smeared.)
4. Beim Renovieren haben wir alte Fenster durch neue ersetzt. (While renovating, we replaced old windows with new ones.)

The word "Fenster" embodies the essence of architectural design and facilitates the connection between the inside and outside world. It serves not only as a functional element but also as an aesthetic feature in buildings.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fenster" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fenster%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>