---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hand.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random word]
title: Hand (noun)
---

# Hand (noun)

*Definition:* The part of the human body located at the end of the arm, consisting of the wrist, palm, fingers, and thumb.

**Synonyms:** die Handfläche (palm), der Finger (finger), der Daumen (thumb), die Faust (fist)

**Opposites:** der Fuß (foot), die Faust (fist), das Bein (leg), das Knie (knee)

**Examples:**

1. Er reichte mir seine Hand zur Begrüßung. (He extended his hand for a greeting.)
2. Meine Hand tut weh, weil ich sie gestoßen habe. (My hand hurts because I bumped it.)
3. Sie benutzte ihre Hände, um das Geschenk auszupacken. (She used her hands to unwrap the present.)
4. Der Künstler malte mit geschickter Hand ein wunderschönes Gemälde. (The artist skillfully painted a beautiful painting with his hand.)
5. Unter vier Augen halten heißt Geheimnisse unter sieben Scheffeln, wenn man ihm einen geheimen, intimen Bericht auf dem Wege des Handschuhs zukommen lässt. (Keeping something between just the two of you means keeping secrets under lock and key when you let him receive a secret, intimate report by way of the glove.) - Note: "Handschuh" means glove in this context.

This versatile word, "Hand," is used in various contexts, from describing a greeting gesture to indicating physical pain. It can also be associated with actions, such as unwrapping a gift or creating art. Remember that "Hand" has various synonyms and can be used metaphorically to express concepts like keeping secrets under lock and key.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hand" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hand%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>