---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück (Happiness)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

*Definition:*
* Glück (noun) - refers to a state of happiness or good fortune.
* Synonyms: Freude (joy), Zufriedenheit (contentment), Wohlgefühl (well-being)

*Opposites:*
* Pech (bad luck), Unglück (misfortune), Elend (misery)

Examples:
1. Ich habe großes Glück, dass ich so eine wunderbare Familie habe. (I have great happiness to have such a wonderful family.)
2. Das Glück war auf seiner Seite und er gewann die Lotterie. (Luck was on his side, and he won the lottery.)

In German, the word "Glück" represents a positive emotional state, characterized by feelings of joy, contentment, and well-being. It is often associated with a favorable outcome or fortunate events in one's life. Synonymous with Glück, are the words "Freude," "Zufriedenheit," and "Wohlgefühl," all representing varying aspects of happiness.

On the other hand, the opposites of Glück include "Pech" (bad luck), "Unglück" (misfortune), and "Elend" (misery). These words signify the direct opposite of happiness and the absence of favorable circumstances.

Examples showcasing the usage of Glück in sentences include phrases such as "Ich habe großes Glück, dass ich so eine wunderbare Familie habe" (I have great happiness to have such a wonderful family) and "Das Glück war auf seiner Seite und er gewann die Lotterie" (Luck was on his side, and he won the lottery). These sentences highlight instances where Glück is experienced or observed in different contexts, emphasizing its importance in bringing joy and positive outcomes.

In summary, Glück represents the concept of happiness in the German language and is often accompanied by positive emotions, good fortune, and contentment. It can be contrasted with its opposites, such as Pech, Unglück, and Elend, to showcase the differences between happiness and unfortunate circumstances.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>