---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Laufen.png
title: "Laufen"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [synonyms, definitions, opposites, examples]
---

## Definitions

- to walk or run on foot
- to operate or function
- to flow or move steadily

## Synonyms

- gehen (to go)
- rennen (to run)
- wandern (to hike)

## Opposites

- stehen (to stand)
- sitzen (to sit)

## Examples

1. Ich laufe jeden Morgen im Park. (I run every morning in the park.)
2. Die Maschine läuft reibungslos. (The machine operates smoothly.)
3. Das Wasser läuft aus dem Hahn. (The water flows from the tap.)

Laufen is a versatile verb in German that can refer to various forms of movement. Depending on the context, it can mean walking, running, operating, or flowing. It is often used to describe physical activities such as exercise or sports. Synonyms for laufen include gehen, rennen, and wandern, which also refer to forms of movement on foot. On the other hand, stehen and sitzen are opposites of laufen as they describe stationary positions.

Here are some examples to illustrate the usage of laufen in different contexts. In the first example, it refers to running as a form of exercise. The second example highlights the verb's meaning of operating or functioning smoothly. Finally, the third example demonstrates its usage to describe the flow of water from a tap.

Overall, laufen is a common and versatile word in the German language, used to describe various forms of movement and operation.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Laufen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Laufen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>