---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fuchs.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Fuchs

---

## Definition

Fuchs (pronounced “fooks”) is a German noun that means "fox" in English. It refers to a mammal belonging to the Canidae family, characterized by its bushy tail, pointed snout, and sharp teeth. The fox is known for its cunning and adaptability, which has earned it various symbolic meanings in folklore and literature.

## Opposite

The opposite of Fuchs is "Hund" (dog). While both animals belong to the same family, they have distinct characteristics. Unlike the sly and solitary nature of the fox, dogs are known for their loyalty and social behavior.

## Synonyms

Synonyms for Fuchs include "Reinböcke" (vixen), "Rotfüchse" (red foxes), and "Graufüchse" (grey foxes). These terms are used to specify the gender or color variations of the fox species.

## Examples

Here are some examples of how "Fuchs" can be used in sentences:

1. Der Fuchs schleicht sich leise durch den Wald. (The fox sneaks quietly through the forest.)
2. Mein Großvater hat schon viele Füchse gejagt. (My grandfather has hunted many foxes.)
3. Füchse sind dafür bekannt, geschickt nach Futter zu suchen. (Foxes are known for their skill in scavenging for food.)

Please note that the word "Fuchs" can also be used metaphorically to describe a clever or cunning person, similar to the phrase "sly as a fox" in English.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fuchs" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fuchs%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>