---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Latzhose.png
title: Latzhose
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Latzhose** refers to a type of garment commonly worn for work or casual wear. It is primarily used as protective clothing in various trades, such as construction, farming, or gardening. A Latzhose is typically made of durable fabric, like denim or canvas, and consists of trousers with an attached bib that covers the chest and back. The bib is secured with adjustable straps that cross over the shoulders and fasten at the waist, providing additional support and stability.

## Opposite

The opposite of a **Latzhose** would be regular trousers or pants without an attached bib. While a Latzhose offers more coverage and protection, regular trousers lack the extended upper body coverage provided by the bib portion.

## Synonyms

Synonyms for **Latzhose** include "overalls" or "bib overalls" in English. In some contexts, it may also be referred to as "work dungarees" or simply "dungarees."

## Examples

Here are a few examples of the usage of the word **Latzhose**:

1. "Der Bauer trug eine Latzhose, während er auf dem Feld arbeitete." (The farmer wore bib overalls while working in the field.)
1. "Die Handwerker hatten ihre Latzhosen fleckig vom Farbspritzer." (The craftsmen had their overalls stained from paint splatters.)
1. "Die Kinder trugen bunte Latzhosen zum Sommerfest in der Schule." (The children wore colorful bib overalls to the summer festival at school.)

Note: The word **Latzhose** may also be used metaphorically in certain contexts to refer to someone who is seen as "stiff" or "uptight," as the attached bib gives a rigid appearance. However, this usage is less common and is considered informal.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Latzhose" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Latzhose%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>