---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall.png
title: Zufall [nouns]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random, definition, opposite, synonym, examples]
---

# Zufall

**Definition:**
Zufall is a German noun that translates to "chance" or "coincidence" in English. It refers to an event or outcome that occurs by luck or without a specific intention.

**Oppositites:**
- Planung (planning): While Zufall represents unpredictable occurrences, Planung signifies careful organization and deliberate actions.
- Vorhersehbarkeit (predictability): Zufall indicates unpredictability, whereas Vorhersehbarkeit refers to the ability to anticipate or foresee events.

**Synonyms:**
- Glück (luck): Glück is similar to Zufall as it also signifies something happening by chance or by a fortunate outcome.
- Schicksal (fate): Schicksal refers to events or outcomes that are predetermined or guided by destiny.

**Examples:**

1. Es war ein reiner Zufall, dass ich meinen alten Schulfreund im Restaurant getroffen habe. (It was just a coincidence that I ran into my old school friend at the restaurant.)
2. Durch einen glücklichen Zufall haben wir Tickets für das ausverkaufte Konzert bekommen. (By a lucky chance, we managed to get tickets for the sold-out concert.)
3. Leider war es kein Zufall, dass er so spät zur Arbeit kam. Er ist einfach immer unpünktlich. (Unfortunately, it wasn't a coincidence that he arrived late to work. He is simply always unpunctual.)

In conclusion, Zufall represents the concept of chance or coincidental events that happen without intention or predictability. It is the opposite of planning and predictability while sharing similarities with luck and fate. The utilization of Zufall in various contexts can help describe unexpected encounters, fortunate outcomes, or simply events occurring by chance.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>