---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Morgen.png
title: Morgen

categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---
  
**Morgen** (noun)

Definition:
- The period of time between midnight and noon.
- The early part or beginning of something.

Opposites:
- Abend (evening)
- Nacht (night)

Synonyms:
- Vormittag (forenoon)
- Tagesanbruch (dawn)

Examples:
1. Guten Morgen! - Good morning!
2. Morgen ist ein neuer Tag. - Tomorrow is a new day.
3. Morgen früh fahren wir in den Urlaub. - We are leaving for vacation early tomorrow morning.

---
\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Morgen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Morgen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Morgen.png
title: Morgen (Morning)
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
The word "Morgen" in German means morning or tomorrow, depending on the context in which it is used. 

## Opposites and Synonyms
- Opposite: Abend (evening)
- Synonyms: Vormittag (forenoon), Früh (early)

## Examples
1. Guten Morgen! (Good morning!)
2. Ich sehe dich morgen. (I'll see you tomorrow.)
3. Der Morgen war kalt und neblig. (The morning was cold and foggy.)
4. Was machst du morgens gerne? (What do you like to do in the morning?)
5. Morgen früh fahre ich in den Urlaub. (I'm leaving for vacation early tomorrow.)

In German culture, mornings are often associated with fresh starts, productivity, and the beginning of daily activities. It is customary to wish someone a "Guten Morgen" to greet them at the start of the day. The opposite of morning, "Abend," represents the transition into the evening and the winding down of the day.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Morgen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Morgen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>