---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Bank.png
title: "Bank (noun)"
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, word, definition, opposite, synonym, example]
---

Bank is a common German noun with multiple meanings and usages. Here, we will explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and provide some examples.

**Definitons:**

1. A financial institution where customers can deposit and withdraw money, obtain loans, and perform various transactions.
2. A long seat or a bench, usually placed in parks or other public areas for people to sit on.
3. The sloping sides of a river, lake, or sea, often used for sitting, fishing, or recreational purposes.
4. A raised area or elevated platform, such as a stage or dais.

**Opposites:**

- The opposite of a financial institution is "Kunde" (customer).
- The opposite of a long seat or a bench is "Stehplatz" (standing space).
- The opposite of the sloping sides of a river, lake, or sea is "Ufer" (shore).
- The opposite of a raised area or elevated platform is "Tiefland" (lowland).

**Synonyms:**

- For a financial institution, synonyms include "Geldinstitut" or "Kreditinstitut."
- Synonyms for a long seat or a bench are "Sitzbank" or "Ruhebank."
- Synonyms for the sloping sides of a river, lake, or sea are "Böschung" or "Promenade."
- Synonyms for a raised area or elevated platform include "Podium" or "Estrade."

**Examples:**

1. **Definiton 1:**
   - "Ich muss zur Bank gehen, um meine Miete zu überweisen." (I have to go to the bank to transfer my rent.)
   - "Peter arbeitet bei einer Bank als Geschäftsführer." (Peter works at a bank as a manager.)

2. **Definiton 2:**
   - "Lass uns auf die Bank setzen und die Aussicht genießen." (Let's sit on the bench and enjoy the view.)
   - "Die alte Dame saß auf der Bank und fütterte die Tauben." (The old lady sat on the bench and fed the pigeons.)

3. **Definiton 3:**
   - "An der Bank des Flusses ist ein idealer Ort zum Picknicken." (The bank of the river is an ideal spot for picnicking.)
   - "Er angelt gerne von der Bank des Sees aus." (He enjoys fishing from the bank of the lake.)

4. **Definiton 4:**
   - "Der Redner stand auf der Bank und hielt seine Rede." (The speaker stood on the platform and delivered his speech.)
   - "Die Musiker betraten das Podium und begannen ihre Darbietung." (The musicians stepped onto the stage and started their performance.)

Bank is a versatile word in German, encompassing various contexts ranging from finance to recreational areas. Its different meanings and nuances enable its usage in diverse scenarios.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Bank" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Bank%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>