---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Sprung.png
categories: [German]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: Sprung
---

## Definition

Sprung (noun) refers to a leap or jump in German. It indicates a sudden and forceful upward movement, usually involving both feet leaving the ground simultaneously. A "Sprung" can be intentional or involuntary, and it often implies a quick transition from one position to another.

## Opposite

An opposite of "Sprung" could be "Stehenbleiben" (verb) which means to stand still or remain stationary. Unlike a "Sprung," which involves movement and action, "Stehenbleiben" signifies staying in one place without any significant shift or progress.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms to describe a "Sprung":

- "Hüpfer" (noun): This word is used to describe a small or playful leap, usually associated with lightness and agility.
- "Satz" (noun): It refers to a sudden or powerful jump, often requiring significant energy or effort.
- "Sprungbrett" (noun): This term specifically denotes a springboard, which is a diving platform used for performing acrobatic jumps.

## Examples

Here are a few examples to showcase the usage of "Sprung" in different contexts:

1. Der Athlet machte einen beeindruckenden Sprung und landete perfekt.
(Translation: The athlete made an impressive jump and landed perfectly.)

2. Das kleine Kind machte einen Sprung auf das Trampolin und lachte fröhlich.
(Translation: The little child jumped on the trampoline and laughed happily.)

3. Nach einem mutigen Sprung in das kalte Wasser fühlte er eine erfrischende Kälte.
(Translation: After a brave jump into the cold water, he felt a refreshing chill.)

Remember, "Sprung" can be used in diverse scenarios, from describing physical actions to metaphorical leaps of faith or progress.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Sprung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Sprung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>