---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Maus.png
title: "Maus"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

# Maus

**Definition:** 
Maus (feminine noun) is the German word for "mouse." It can be used to refer to the small, rodent-like mammal belonging to the family Muridae. 

**Opposites:**
- Elephant (Elefant)
- Whale (Wal)

**Synonyms:**
- Nager
- Kleinnager

**Examples:**
1. Die graue Maus huschte über den Boden. (The gray mouse scurried across the floor.)
2. Er hat eine Schnurmaus als Haustier. (He keeps a pet mouse.)

The word "Maus" can also have a metaphorical meaning when used in certain contexts. For instance, it is frequently used in the context of computers and technology to refer to a computer mouse (Mauszeiger) or touchpad. In this sense, it may also be combined with other terms such as "drahtlose Maus" (wireless mouse) or "ergonomische Maus" (ergonomic mouse).

Furthermore, "Maus" can be used figuratively to describe a person who is introverted, timid, or inconspicuous. This usage is similar to the English phrase "to be as quiet as a mouse." For example, one might say, "Sie ist eine kleine graue Maus," meaning "She is a little gray mouse," to describe someone who is shy or unassuming.

Whether it refers to the tiny rodent scurrying through the house, a computer peripheral, or a metaphorical term for a personality type, the German word "Maus" carries different meanings depending on the context in which it is used.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Maus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Maus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>