---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Krise.png
title: Krise
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

# Krise

**Definition**: Krise is a German word that translates to "crisis" in English. It refers to a critical or crucial moment, a turning point, or a state of intense difficulty, uncertainty, or danger.

**Opposite**: The opposite of Krise would be "Friede" meaning "peace" in German. While Krise represents a state of emergency or instability, Friede signifies a time of calmness, harmony, and security.

**Synonyms**: Some synonyms for Krise include:
1. Notlage (emergency)
2. Notsituation (emergency situation)
3. Schwierigkeit (difficulty)
4. Problematik (problematic situation)
5. Gefahr (danger)

**Examples**:
1. Die Wirtschaftskrise hat viele Unternehmen in den Bankrott getrieben. (The economic crisis has driven many companies to bankruptcy.)
2. Die Welt steht derzeit vor einer ökologischen Krise. (The world is currently facing an ecological crisis.)
3. Die persönlliche Krise trieb ihn dazu, professionelle Hilfe zu suchen. (The personal crisis drove him to seek professional help.)

Understanding the concept of Krise is crucial in various fields such as economics, psychology, and global affairs. By exploring its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples, we can gain a better understanding of its significance in both personal and societal contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Krise" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Krise%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>