---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufallig.png
title: Zufallig (Random)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Zufallig is the German word for "random." It is an adjective derived from the noun "Zufall," which means "chance" or "coincidence." There are several aspects to consider when discussing the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to this word.

**Definitions:**
- **1. By chance:** The primary definition of zufallig refers to something occurring or chosen by chance. It implies that there is no specific pattern, order, or predetermined outcome. For instance, "Die zufallige Auswahl hat zu einer interessanten Gruppe gefuhrt" translates to "The random selection has led to an interesting group."
- **2. Arbitrary:** Zufallig can also be used to describe something that is selected or happening without any particular reason or purpose. It implies that there is no specific logic or intention behind it. For example, "Die zufallige Reihenfolge der Themen hat zu interessanten Diskussionen gefuhrt" means "The random order of the topics has led to interesting discussions."

**Opposites:**
- **Gezielt (Targeted):** The opposite of zufallig is gezielt, meaning "targeted" or "intentional." While zufallig suggests something happening by chance, gezielt implies a purposeful action or selection.

**Synonyms:**
- **Willkurlich (Arbitrarily):** Willkurlich is a synonym for zufallig. It carries a similar meaning of something being chosen or happening without a specific reason or pattern.

**Examples:**
1. Zufallige Begegnungen konnen besondere Freundschaften schaffen. (Random encounters can create special friendships.)
2. Das Glucksspiel hat eine zufallige Natur und ist nicht vorhersehbar. (Gambling has a random nature and is unpredictable.)
3. Die zufallige Auswahl der Gewinner erfolgt durch einen Computer. (The random selection of winners is done by a computer.)

Zufallig is a versatile word in German that encompasses the concept of chance, randomness, and lack of intention. Whether referring to a random event, arbitrary selection, or an unplanned outcome, this word captures various aspects of unpredictability in both occurrences and decision-making.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufallig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufallig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>