---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ausnahme.png
title: "Ausnahme"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
Ausnahme (noun) is a German word that translates to "exception" in English. It refers to a circumstance or event that deviates from the usual or expected pattern. It implies a departure from what is considered normal or typical, often standing out from a general rule.

## Opposites
- Normalität (noun) - Normality: The state of conforming to an established standard or norm.
- Regel (noun) - Rule: A principle or regulation that governs behavior or action.

## Synonyms
- Sonderfall (noun) - Special case: An instance that is not part of the general rule.
- Abweichung (noun) - Deviation: A divergence or departure from the standard or expected norm.

## Examples
1. "Die Veranstaltung fand trotz des Regens statt, die Ausnahme bestätigt die Regel."
  - Translation: "The event took place despite the rain, the exception proves the rule."
  - In this example, the phrase emphasizes that although it is unusual for an outdoor event to proceed during rainfall, it serves as an exception that confirms the general expectation or rule.

2. "In der Regel gehe ich um 10 Uhr schlafen, aber heute mache ich eine Ausnahme."
  - Translation: "Usually, I go to sleep at 10 o'clock, but today I'll make an exception."
  - This sentence illustrates the deviation from the usual sleeping schedule, acknowledging a departure from the norm for the day.

3. "Der Profiler war beeindruckt von der Ausnahme, die sich in den Tathergang einfügte."
  - Translation: "The profiler was impressed by the exception that fit into the modus operandi."
  - In this context, the term "Ausnahme" refers to a peculiar circumstance or anomaly that aligns with or fits into the general pattern of the perpetrator's behavior.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ausnahme" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ausnahme%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>