---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Walzer.png
categories: [German]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: Walzer
---

## Definition
Walzer is a German noun that translates to "waltz" in English. It derives from the verb "walzen," which means to roll or revolve. In music, it refers to a type of ballroom dance in triple time, characterized by its sweeping and graceful movements.

## Opposite
The opposite of Walzer is stillstand, which means "standstill" or "immobility" in English. Stillstand refers to a lack of movement or activity, whereas Walzer embodies elegance and fluid motion.

## Synonyms
Synonyms for Walzer include "Tanzwalzer" (dance waltz), "Langsamer Walzer" (slow waltz), and "Wiener Walzer" (Viennese waltz). These variations of the waltz differ slightly in tempo and style but maintain the fundamental characteristics of the dance.

## Examples
- "Die Braut und der Bräutigam tanzten einen romantischen Walzer." (The bride and groom danced a romantic waltz.)
- "Der Tanzlehrer zeigte uns die Grundschritte des Wiener Walzers." (The dance instructor showed us the basic steps of the Viennese waltz.)
- "Die Ballveranstaltung wurde mit einem majestätischen Tanzwalzer eröffnet." (The ball event started with a majestic dance waltz.)

Walzer is not only a dance but also represents sophistication, grace, and cultural heritage. Its melodious rhythm, almost seemingly suspended in time, continues to enchant dancers and audiences alike.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Walzer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Walzer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>