---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Abend».png
title: «Abend»
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

«Abend» is a German word that translates to "evening" in English. It refers to the period of time between late afternoon and nightfall, typically starting around sunset. The word is commonly used to denote the end of the day and the beginning of the night.

## Opposites

- **Morgen** (morning): While "Abend" signifies the evening, "Morgen" represents the morning. The two words stand in contrast to each other, reflecting the different segments of the day.
- **Tag** (day): If "Abend" represents the evening, "Tag" defines the day. These words demonstrate the temporal division between day and night.

## Synonyms

- **Dämmerung** (twilight): This word can be used interchangeably with "Abend" to describe the period of dim light between day and night, commonly referred to as twilight.
- **Nachtbeginn** (nightfall): Another synonym for "Abend," this term emphasizes the transition from day to night.

## Examples

- "Wir treffen uns am Abend." (We are meeting in the evening.)
- "Am Abend gehe ich gerne spazieren." (I enjoy taking walks in the evening.)
- "Jeden Abend lese ich ein Buch." (I read a book every evening.)

"Abend" is a versatile word that is frequently used in everyday conversation to discuss plans or activities that take place during the evening hours. Whether it's meeting friends, going for a walk, or simply relaxing at home with a good book, the "Abend" provides the perfect time for various activities.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="«Abend»" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20«Abend»%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>