---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Word:.png
title: Word: Schadenfreude
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions:
Schadenfreude (noun) is a German word that describes the pleasure one derives from someone else's misfortune or suffering. It is derived from two German words: "schaden" meaning harm or damage, and "freude" meaning joy or pleasure. Schadenfreude is akin to feeling delight or satisfaction at the misfortunes of others.

## Opposite (Antonym):
The opposite of Schadenfreude is "Mitgefühl" which means compassion or empathy. It is the ability to understand and share the feelings of others, especially during difficult moments. While Schadenfreude revels in another person's suffering, Mitgefühl seeks to alleviate their pain and provide support.

## Synonyms:
1. Genugtuung: This word translates to satisfaction or vindication. It refers to feeling content or pleased with an outcome or a situation. However, unlike Schadenfreude, Genugtuung does not involve deriving pleasure from someone else's misfortune.

2. Schadensersatz: This term relates to compensation for damages or harm caused to someone. It refers to the legal action of providing monetary or other forms of reparation to make up for a loss. While it shares the word "schaden" with Schadenfreude, it focuses on rectifying damage rather than finding joy in it.

## Examples:
1. Anna couldn't help but feel a slight sense of Schadenfreude when her rival's project failed magnificently in front of their boss.

2. Despite her attempts to suppress it, Maria felt a pang of Schadenfreude when her ex-boyfriend's new relationship ended abruptly.

3. The gossip magazines thrive on readers' Schadenfreude, eagerly reporting on celebrity scandals and misfortunes.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Word:" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Word:%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>