---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Turm.png
title: Turm
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Turm**

*A tower; a tall and majestic structure that reaches for the sky.*

**Definitions:**

1. A tall, vertical structure, usually made of stone, brick, or concrete, that is used as a landmark, observation point, or defensive fortification.
   
2. In chess, the rook is known as "Turm" in German.

**Opposites:**

- **Tal** (valley): While a "Turm" stands tall on top, the opposite is a "Tal," a low-lying area between hills or mountains.

- **Ebene** (plain): A "Turm" can be seen as a vertical structure towering above the landscape, while an "Ebene" refers to a flat and open plain.

**Synonyms:**

- **Burg** (castle): Although "Turm" generally relates to the tower part of a castle, it can also be used interchangeably with "Burg" when referring to a castle itself.

- **Hochhaus** (skyscraper): In modern architecture, a "Hochhaus" is a tall building similar to a "Turm," often used for residential or commercial purposes.

**Examples:**

1. Der Eiffelturm ist ein berühmtes Wahrzeichen von Paris. 
   - Translation: The Eiffel Tower is a famous landmark in Paris.
  
2. Im Schach kannst du den Turm horizontal und vertikal bewegen.
   - Translation: In chess, you can move the rook horizontally and vertically.

3. Vom Turm aus hatte man einen atemberaubenden Ausblick auf die Landschaft.
   - Translation: From the tower, one had a breathtaking view of the landscape.

4. Das Hochhaus ragte wie ein Turm in den Himmel.
   - Translation: The skyscraper towered into the sky like a tower.

Remember that language is fluid, and words can have various meanings and contexts. The above explanations aim to provide a general understanding of the word "Turm," but usage may vary depending on the specific context or region.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Turm" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Turm%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>