---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schwein.png
title: Schwein
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definition, synonym, example]
---

**Schwein** is a German word that refers to a pig in English. Pigs are domesticated animals that are raised for meat and other products such as lard, sausages, and bacon. This word is commonly used in Germany to describe the pink, curly-tailed animals that are a common sight on farms.

**Opposites:** The opposite of **Schwein** in German is **Huhn** which means a chicken in English. The two words have opposite meanings and are often used to contrast the two animals.

**Synonyms:** Although there are no exact synonyms for **Schwein** in German, there are several related words that describe pigs. These include **Schweinefleisch** which means pork, **Schweinestall** which means pigsty, and **Saufeind** which is a nasty term for somebody who eats too much.

**Examples:**

- Ich essen kein **Schweinefleisch**. (I don't eat pork.)
- Der Bauer putzt den **Schweinestall**. (The farmer is cleaning the pigsty.)
- Er ist ein echter **Saufeind**. (He is a real pig.)

Learning German vocabulary is essential for anyone who wants to communicate effectively in this language. Words like **Schwein** are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to German words and phrases that you need to know. By learning new vocabulary words, you can improve your ability to communicate with native speakers and gain a deeper understanding of the German language and culture.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schwein" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schwein%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>