---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Haus.png
title: "Haus (noun)"
categories: [German language]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Haus, a German noun, refers to a building, typically used as a residence for individuals or families. It commonly signifies a place where people live and carry out their daily activities.

## Opposites

The antonym of Haus is "Wohnung," which means "apartment" in English. While both terms relate to living spaces, "Haus" specifically denotes a standalone house, whereas "Wohnung" points to a residential unit within a larger building.

## Synonyms

Haus can be synonymous with the following German words:

- Heim: a cozy dwelling or a place where one feels at home.
- Behausung: an archaic term for a dwelling or shelter.
- Gebäude: a general term for any man-made construction, including both residential and non-residential buildings.

## Examples

1. Ich wohne in einem kleinen Haus am Stadtrand. (I live in a small house on the outskirts of the city.)
2. Meine Eltern besitzen ein großes Haus mit einem großen Garten. (My parents own a large house with a spacious garden.)
3. Das Haus hat drei Stockwerke und einen Balkon. (The house has three floors and a balcony.)

In conclusion, "Haus" is a versatile word in the German language that encompasses the concept of a residential building. It can be distinguished from its opposite, "Wohnung," and has several synonyms, such as "Heim," "Behausung," and "Gebäude." The examples provided showcase the usage of this term in everyday conversations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Haus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Haus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>