---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

Schnell is a German word that translates to "quick" or "fast" in English. This adjective is often used to describe actions, movements or processes that happen in a short amount of time.

**Opposites**

- Langsam (slow)

**Synonyms**

- Rasch (rapid)
- Geschwind (swift)
- Flüchtig (fleeting)

**Examples**

1. In der Metropole ist alles immer so schnelllebig. (In the city, everything is always so fast-paced.)
2. Die Katze war schnell, aber der Vogel war schneller. (The cat was quick, but the bird was faster.)
3. Morgen früh muss ich eine schnelle Entscheidung treffen. (Tomorrow morning, I have to make a quick decision.)

Learning German vocabulary is a great way to improve your communication skills in this language. So, use *schnell* in your daily conversations and start expressing yourself more accurately and clearly!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, antonyms, examples]

---

**Schnell** is a German word that means *"quick"*. It is an adjective that can describe various actions, objects, or people. Here are some synonyms and antonyms of the word:

* **Synonyms**: zügig, rasch, flink, geschwind, hurtig
* **Antonyms**: langsam, träge, gemächlich, behäbig, langatmig

Let's take a look at some examples of using **schnell** in sentences:

* **Ich muss schnell zur Arbeit fahren.** (I have to drive quickly to work)
* **Unser Team muss schnell eine Lösung finden.** (Our team has to find a solution quickly)
* **Sie ist eine schnelle Läuferin.** (She is a quick runner)
* **Das Essen war schnell aufgegessen.** (The food was quickly eaten)

In conclusion, **schnell** is a useful German word that can help you describe the speed of different actions or objects. Make sure to learn its synonyms and antonyms to broaden your vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>