```yaml
---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Aufgabe.png
title: Aufgabe
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]
---
```

# Aufgabe

**Aufgabe** is a German word that may have different meanings depending on the context it appears in. It can refer both to a task or assignment, as well as to the act of giving up or surrendering. 

## Definitions

* **Task or Assignment:** One of the primary definitions of Aufgabe is "task." It is used to describe any given set of duties, responsibilities or work assigned to someone. For instance, a teacher may give Aufgabe to her students, in the form of homework, exams, or presentations.

* **Giving up or Surrendering:** In some cases, Aufgabe can also be used to refer to the act of giving up or surrendering. For example, one might say "Ich gebe auf" or "I give up," in a game or in a competition, to signify that he or she is surrendering or conceding defeat.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for Aufgabe when it is used in the context of "task" are:

* **Arbeit:** Work
* **Hausaufgabe:** Homework
* **Projekt:** Project

When Aufgabe is used to refer to "surrender" or "giving up," some synonyms include:

* **Niederlage:** Defeat
* **Kapitulation:** Surrender
* **Abbruch:** Abandonment

## Opposites

The opposite of Aufgabe depends in part on the context in which it is used.

* In the context of a task or assignment, the opposite of Aufgabe might be **Freizeit** (leisure time) or **Erholung** (rest).

* In the context of giving up or surrendering, the opposite might be **Weitermachen** (to keep going) or **Durchhalten** (to persevere).

## Examples

* "Die Hausaufgabe ist eine schwierige **Aufgabe**." (The homework is a difficult task.)
* "Wir müssen diese **Aufgabe** heute Abend erledigen." (We have to finish this task tonight.)
* "Er gab die **Aufgabe** auf, als er merkte, dass er keine Chance hatte." (He gave up the assignment when he realized he had no chance.)
* "Am Ende war die **Aufgabe** zu schwer für ihn, und er musste sich geschlagen geben." (In the end, the task was too difficult for him, and he had to surrender.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Aufgabe" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Aufgabe%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>