---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel
categories: [German Words]
tags: [Synonyms, Opposites, Definitions, Examples]

---

Apfel (noun)

**Definitions:**

A round or oval fruit with a red, green, or yellow skin, crisp flesh, and a core containing seeds.

**Opposites:**

- kein Apfel (No apple)

**Synonyms:**

- Obst (Fruit)
- Kernobst (Pome fruit)

**Examples:**

- Die Äpfel sind sehr saftig. (The apples are very juicy.)
- Ich esse gerne grüne Äpfel. (I like to eat green apples.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel (German Word)
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary, fruit]

---

**Definition:** 

Apfel is the German word for apple. It is a round fruit with a red, yellow, or green skin, a firm white flesh, and a core containing seeds. 

**Opposites:** 

There is no direct opposite of Apfel, but as a fruit, it can be contrasted with other types of fruits like bananas, strawberries, or oranges.

**Synonyms:** 

Apfel has a few synonyms, mostly regional or dialect words. In northern Germany, it is sometimes called "Pomme", which sounds similar to the French word for apple. In Bavaria, it is sometimes called "Abbl" or "Abbi".

**Examples:** 

- Ein Apfel am Tag hält den Doktor fern. (An apple a day keeps the doctor away.)
- Ich habe einen Kuchen mit Äpfeln gebacken. (I baked a cake with apples.)
- Meine Lieblingssorte Äpfel ist Granny Smith. (My favorite apple variety is Granny Smith.)

Learning German vocabulary is essential for anyone who wants to understand the language and the culture of German-speaking countries. Apfel is one of the most common and important words to know, especially if you enjoy eating fruit. It is also a good starting point for learning related words like Obst (fruit in general), Birne (pear), or Orange (orange).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

*Definition(s)*

Apfel (der) is a German noun which means apple in English. It is a widely popular fruit that belongs to the rose family. 

*Opposite(s)*

As the meaning of the word "Apfel" is quite specific to apples, there are no direct opposites to this word. However, antonyms can be related to opposite concepts such as vegetables or non-edible objects.

*Synonym(s)*

There are several synonyms for "Apfel" such as "der Apfelfrucht," meaning the apple fruit, "der Kernobst," meaning the core fruit, and "die Pomme," meaning the ‘pome.’

*Example(s)*

Here are a few examples of how you can use "Apfel" in sentences:

1. Mein Sohn isst jeden Morgen einen Apfel. (“My son eats an apple every morning.”)

2. Ich kaufe keine Äpfel, wenn sie faul sind. (“I don't buy apples when they're rotten.”)

3. Der Apfelbaum blüht jedes Frühjahr. (“The apple tree blooms every spring.”)

In conclusion, "Apfel" is a common and vital word in the German language, used daily to refer to a popular fruit that can be eaten raw, used as ingredients in several dishes or consumed in the form of drinks.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>