---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: Freiheit
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, definitions, opposites, examples]

---

**Freiheit** is a German word that translates to freedom in English. It is a fundamental concept that is highly valued by individuals and societies across the world. 

**Definitions**

The term "Freiheit" can be defined in many ways, including personal autonomy, the ability to make choices without external constraints, and the absence of coercion or oppression. It can also refer to political freedom, such as the liberty to speak freely or participate in democratic processes.

**Opposites**

There are many antonyms to the word Freiheit, such as unfreiheit (unfreedom), Sklaverei (slavery), Zwang (compulsion), and Abhängigkeit (dependence). These words represent the opposite of what Freiheit stands for.

**Synonyms**

There are also numerous synonyms to Freiheit, including Unabhängigkeit (independence), Selbstbestimmung (self-determination), Entscheidungsfreiheit (freedom of choice), and Autonomie (autonomy). These words describe similar concepts to Freiheit and can be used interchangeably in certain contexts.

**Examples**

In present-day Germany, Freiheit is one of the core values of the society. It is reflected in the German constitution, which guarantees freedom of speech, religion, and assembly. The country's history has a complex relationship with Freiheit, including the period of the division of Germany when the concept took on added significance, and the aftermath of WWII when the country was occupied by foreign powers.

Overall, the concept of Freiheit is a critical one in German culture and language. It represents an ideal to strive toward, and a value that is recognized and valued by people across the globe.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>