---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wetter.png
title: Wetter (Weather)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german, weather]
---

**Wetter** is a German word that translates to "weather" in English. It is a commonly used term to discuss the current atmospheric conditions. Let's explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples:

- **Definition**: Wetter refers to the state of the atmosphere at a particular time and place, including temperature, humidity, precipitation, wind speed, and cloud cover.

- **Opposites**: 
  - Gut (good): Used to describe pleasant or favorable weather conditions.
  - Schlecht (bad): Used to describe unpleasant or unfavorable weather conditions.

- **Synonyms**: 
  - Klima (climate): Refers to the long-term average weather conditions in a specific region.
  - Witterung (weather condition): Refers to the prevailing weather conditions over a certain period.

- **Example Sentences**:
  - Das Wetter heute ist sonnig und warm. (The weather today is sunny and warm.)
  - Morgen wird es regnerisch sein. (Tomorrow, it will be rainy.)
  - Das Wetter in den Bergen kann sehr unbeständig sein. (The weather in the mountains can be very unpredictable.)

Understanding different German words related to weather is essential for daily conversations and planning various outdoor activities. Stay prepared with appropriate vocabulary to describe weather conditions accurately.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wetter" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wetter%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>