---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Geduld.png
title: Geduld (Patience)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Definitions, Opposites, Synonyms, Examples]
---

## Definition

Geduld (noun) is a German word that translates to "patience" in English. It refers to the ability to remain calm and composed while waiting for something or dealing with difficult situations. Patience is seen as a positive and essential virtue in various aspects of life.

## Opposites

1. Ungeduld (Impatience): On the opposite end of the spectrum, ungeduld represents the lack of patience. It describes the state of being restless, intolerant, and unwilling to wait or endure delays.
2. Hektik (Haste): Hektik refers to a hectic and hurried state, where there is no time for patience. It implies a sense of urgency and an inclination to rush through tasks without allowing time for careful consideration or reflection.

## Synonyms

1. Ausdauer (Perseverance): Ausdauer signifies persistence and perseverance in the face of challenges or obstacles. It conveys the idea of maintaining steady effort and not giving up easily.
2. Ruhe (Calmness): Ruhe describes a state of tranquility and peacefulness. It implies an absence of agitation or impatience and suggests an inner calm that allows for patience.

## Examples

- Patiently waiting in line for your turn at a crowded event.
- Taking the time to listen and understand someone's point of view without interrupting.
- Having the patience to teach a complicated concept to someone who is struggling to grasp it.
- Enduring the slow progress of a long-term project without feeling frustrated.
- Waiting for a response from a job interview without getting anxious.

Remember, cultivating patience can lead to improved relationships, reduced stress, and better decision-making abilities.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Geduld" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Geduld%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>