---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]

---

Schnell (adjective) means fast in English. It is a word that can be used to describe the speed of something or someone.

**Synonyms:** flott, rasch, zügig, geschwind, hurtig

**Opposites:** langsam, gemächlich, träge, langatmig

**Examples:**

- Der Zug war sehr schnell.
  Translation: The train was very fast.

- Er rennt sehr schnell.
  Translation: He runs very fast.

- Sie fährt immer ein schnelles Auto.
  Translation: She always drives a fast car.

- Sie sprechen schnell.
  Translation: They speak quickly.

Overall, Schnell is a useful word when you want to describe something that is speeding along at a fast pace. Whether it is a train, a person running, or even just someone speaking quickly, this adjective can be used to convey the idea of speed.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

# Definition
"Schnell" is a German word that means fast or quick. It is an adjective that is commonly used to describe the speed at which something is happening or the pace of an action. 

# Opposites
The opposite of schnell can be slow or sluggish. These are the words that describe the opposite of fast or quick. For example, if someone is walking slowly, you can say "er geht langsam" (he is walking slowly). 

# Synonyms
There are many words in the German language that can be used as synonyms for "schnell". These include:

- Zügig (swift)
- Rasch (quick)
- Flott (speedy)
- Geschwind (fast)

# Examples
Here are some examples of how "schnell" can be used in a sentence:

- "Ich muss schnell zum Bahnhof gehen" (I have to go quickly to the train station)
- "Das Auto fährt schnell" (The car is driving fast)
- "Der Arbeitstag ging schnell vorbei" (The workday went by quickly)

Overall, "schnell" is a versatile word that is useful in many different contexts. Whether you are describing a person, an object, or an action, this word can help you convey the idea of speed or quickness.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>