---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frage.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random]
title: "Frage"
---

Frage (noun)

**Definition:**
- A question or an inquiry seeking information or clarification.

**Synonyms:**
- Anfrage
- Nachfrage

**Opposite:**
- Antwort (answer) 

**Example:**
- Kannst du mir eine Frage stellen? (Can you ask me a question?)

In everyday conversations, questions allow us to gather information, seek clarification, or foster discussions. The German word "Frage" perfectly encapsulates the concept of a question. It represents the act of seeking knowledge or seeking responses from others. 

**Synonyms**:
- Anfrage: This word is used interchangeably with "Frage" and refers to a formal or official inquiry seeking information or clarification. It is commonly used in written or professional contexts. 
- Nachfrage: This synonym specifically emphasizes the act of asking for something or seeking clarification, often in a business or consumer context.  

**Opposite:**
While a "Frage" seeks information, the opposite term would be "Antwort" (answer). An answer provides a response or resolution to a question. It represents the information or clarification that was sought via the initial question.

**Example:**
- Kannst du mir eine Frage stellen? (Can you ask me a question?)
In this example, the speaker is inviting someone to ask them a question, indicating their willingness to provide information or clarification.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frage" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frage%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>