---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Froh.png
title: Froh
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

**Froh**

*Definition:*
The German word "froh" translates as "happy" or "glad" in English. It refers to a state of feeling content, satisfied, or joyful. 

*Opposites:*
1. **Traurig** - sad: When someone is "traurig," they are experiencing opposite emotions of sadness or sorrow. For example: "Nach einer langen Reise war er traurig, seine Familie verlassen zu müssen" (After a long journey, he was sad to leave his family).
2. **Unzufrieden** - dissatisfied: If someone is "unzufrieden," it means they are not happy with a situation or outcome. For instance: "Sie war unzufrieden mit ihrem neuen Job" (She was dissatisfied with her new job).

*Synonyms:*
1. **Glücklich** - happy: Often used interchangeably with "froh," "glücklich" also describes a state of happiness or contentment. For example: "Er ist glücklich, weil er gerade eine Beförderung erhalten hat" (He is happy because he just received a promotion).
2. **Erfreut** - delighted: Similar to "froh," "erfreut" implies being pleased or overjoyed with something. For instance: "Sie war erfreut, als sie ihre alten Freunde wieder traf" (She was delighted when she met her old friends again).

*Examples:*
1. "Ich bin froh, dass ich heute frei habe" (I am happy that I have the day off).
2. "Die Kinder waren froh über das Geschenk" (The children were glad about the present).
3. "Er ist froh, dass er den Wettbewerb gewonnen hat" (He is glad that he won the competition).
4. "Wir sind froh, wieder zu Hause zu sein" (We are happy to be back home).

Remember, it's important to use different words and phrases to express emotions and feelings in German, as in any language, to accurately convey one's state of mind.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Froh" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Froh%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>