---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hunger.png
title: Hunger
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary, synonyms, opposites, examples]

---

**Hunger** is a German word that describes the sensation of physical need for food. It can be defined as a feeling of emptiness or a desire to eat something. The intensity of hunger can vary from mild to severe and is often associated with stomach growling, weakness, or lightheadedness.

Synonyms for hunger in German include **Hungergefühl** (feeling of hunger), **Appetit** (appetite), and **Verlangen** (desire). All of these words relate to the need or desire for food, but they might have different connotations or imply different degrees of intensity.

An opposite term for hunger in German is **Sättigung** (satiation) or **Sättigungsgefühl** (feeling of satiation). These words refer to the feeling of fullness or satisfaction after eating. They describe the state when the need for food has been met, and the body is no longer signaling hunger.

Examples of using the word “Hunger” in German:

- Ich habe Hunger. (I am hungry.)
- Der Hunger treibt mich an. (Hunger drives me.)
- Sie leiden an Hunger. (They are suffering from hunger.)
- Er verspürt einen starken Hunger. (He feels a strong hunger.)
- Ohne Hunger keine Nahrungsaufnahme. (Without hunger, no food intake.)

In conclusion, knowing the German word **Hunger** allows you to express your physical needs clearly and understand others' needs as well. It is important to recognize when you are hungry and feed your body appropriately to maintain good health.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hunger" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hunger%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>