---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: "Freiheit"
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

# Freiheit

\ˈfraɪ.heɪt\

## Definition

**noun**

The German word "Freiheit" translates to "freedom" in English. It refers to the state of being free from constraints, limitations, or restrictions. It encompasses having the ability to act, speak, think, or choose without interference or coercion.

## Opposites

- **Gefangenschaft:** Meaning "captivity," this term represents the opposite of freedom. It signifies being held against one's will or being restricted in one's actions and movements.

- **Unterdrückung:** Translated as "oppression," this term describes the act of suppressing or subduing someone's freedom, rights, or expression through force or authority.

## Synonyms

- **Selbstbestimmung:** Translating to "self-determination," this term represents the ability to make independent decisions without external control or influence, thus aligning with the concept of freedom.

- **Autonomie:** Meaning "autonomy," this term relates to the state of being self-governing, independent, and having the freedom to make choices and decisions based on one's own principles and values.

## Examples

1. Die Meinungsfreiheit ist ein Grundrecht in einer demokratischen Gesellschaft. (Freedom of speech is a fundamental right in a democratic society.)

2. Nach vielen Jahren der Gefangenschaft erlangte sie endlich ihre Freiheit zurück. (After many years in captivity, she finally regained her freedom.)

3. Die Bürger kämpften für die Freiheit, um ihre politischen Ansichten ungehindert äußern zu können. (The citizens fought for freedom to express their political views without hindrance.)

Remember, "Freiheit" is not only a word but also an essential value that humans strive for, representing the core foundation of democratic societies worldwide.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>