---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Mauer.png
title: Mauer
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Die Mauer, in German, refers to a wall or a barrier that separates two areas or encloses a specific space. It can also signify a fortification used for defensive purposes. This word is often associated with the Berlin Wall, which was a concrete barrier separating East and West Berlin during the Cold War.

## Opposite

The opposite of Mauer is "Öffnung" which means opening. While a Mauer denotes a solid structure that obstructs movement and separates spaces, an Öffnung indicates an aperture or a gap that allows passage or connection between areas.

## Synonyms

Some common synonyms for Mauer in German include:

- Wand (wall)
- Zaun (fence)
- Barriere (barrier)
- Grenzmauer (border wall)

## Examples

Here are a few examples illustrating the usage of Mauer:

1. Die Chinesische Mauer ist eine der beeindruckendsten Sehenswürdigkeiten der Welt. (The Great Wall of China is one of the most impressive landmarks in the world.)

2. Die Mauer zwischen den Gärten besteht aus Stein. (The wall between the gardens is made of stone.)

3. Nach dem Sturm war eine Mauer des Gebäudes eingestürzt. (After the storm, a part of the building's wall collapsed.)

4. Der Künstler sprayte ein Graffiti an die Mauer. (The artist sprayed graffiti on the wall.)

Note: This post aims to provide an overview of the word "Mauer" in terms of its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples. The meanings, contexts, and usage of a word may vary depending on the specific situation or regional dialect.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Mauer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Mauer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>