---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Obst.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german, word]
title: Obst
---

## Definition

Obst is a German noun that translates to "fruit" in English. It refers to the edible part of plants that usually contain seeds and is typically consumed when ripe. In a broader sense, Obst encompasses various types of fruits found in nature.

## Opposite

While there is no direct opposite of Obst, it can be considered opposite to the concept of vegetables (Gemüse) when distinguishing between them in culinary terms. While fruits are typically sweet and often consumed raw, vegetables are generally savory and may require cooking.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for Obst include:

- Frucht
- Erzeugnis

## Examples

- Der Obststand auf dem Markt bietet eine große Auswahl an frischem Obst. (The fruit stall at the market offers a wide selection of fresh fruit.)
- Äpfel und Orangen sind beliebte Obstsorten. (Apples and oranges are popular types of fruit.)
- Obstsalat ist eine köstliche Möglichkeit, verschiedene Obstsorten zu kombinieren. (Fruit salad is a delicious way to combine different types of fruit.)

Obst is a common word used in everyday German conversations, recipes, and food-related contexts. Understanding its meaning, opposites, and synonyms can enhance your ability to communicate effectively in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Obst" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Obst%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>