---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kultur.png
categories: [german]
tags: [vocabulary, language, deutsch]
title: Kultur

---

*Kultur* is a very important word in both the German language and in German society. It can be translated as "culture" or "civilization". But it also has a number of related meanings that are important to understand.

**Definitions:**

- Culture: The arts, habits, customs, and beliefs of a particular society, group, or place. In German, it can refer to the shared values, traditions, and behaviors of a group of people.
- Civilization: An advanced state of human society, in which a high level of culture, science, industry, and government has been reached. In German, it often refers to the achievements and progress of a particular time period or region.

**Opposites:**

- Uncivilized: someone or something that doesn't follow the customs or rules of a particular society. In German, this can be referred to as "unzivilisiert".
- Barbaric: characterized by the absence of culture or civilization. In German, this can be referred to as "barbarisch".

**Synonyms:**

- Gesellschaft: refers to society or community; it can be used to talk about a group of people who share a common interest or background. In German, this can refer to the social and cultural aspects of a society.
- Bildung: refers to education or cultural development; it can be used to talk about the process of becoming more cultured or educated. In German, this can refer to the intellectual and artistic aspects of a society.

**Examples:**

- Die deutsche Kultur ist geprägt von Musik, Theater und Kunst. (German culture is characterized by music, theater, and art.)
- Europa hat eine lange Kulturgeschichte. (Europe has a long history of civilization.) 

In summary, *Kultur* is a complex and multifaceted term that plays an important role in German language and society. Understanding its many possible meanings is key to fully comprehending German culture and history.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kultur" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kultur%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>