---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Blitz.png
title: Blitz
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Blitz is a commonly used German word that has several possible meanings. At its most basic level, it refers to a lightning bolt or flash of lightning. However, it can also be used in a variety of idiomatic expressions and contexts, each with their own nuances and connotations. 

### Definitions

- *Blitz* (noun): a flash of lightning; a sudden, intense burst of electricity or energy; a rapid or hurried action.
- *Blitz* (verb): to attack or bombard with sudden, overwhelming force; to move or act very quickly; to clean or polish something thoroughly.

### Opposites

- Slow 
- Calm
- Gentle 

### Synonyms

- Lightning
- Bolt
- Jolt
- Thunderbolt 
- Rush

### Examples

- Als er durch das Fenster sah, sah er einen grellen Blitz am Himmel. (When he looked out the window, he saw a bright lightning bolt in the sky.)
- Der Angriff des Feindes war ein überraschender Blitzangriff. (The enemy's attack was a sudden blitz attack.)
- Ich werde heute Abend schnell einkaufen gehen und dann blitzblank das Haus putzen. (I'm going to quickly go shopping this evening and then clean the house thoroughly.) 

Regardless of its specific usage, blitz captures the sense of sudden, intense activity or energy in a way that few other words can. Its versatility and dynamism make it a valuable addition to any German speaker's vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Blitz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Blitz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>