---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Beruf.png
title: Beruf
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
---

Beruf is a German word that translates to "occupation" or "profession" in English. It refers to the regular activity or vocation that a person undertakes to earn a living. Let's explore the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to the word "Beruf."

**Definitions:**

1. A regular activity or job that one engages in to support oneself financially.
2. An occupation or profession that requires specific skills or expertise.

**Opposites:**

1. Arbeitslosigkeit (unemployment): When someone does not have a job or is not currently engaged in any occupation.
2. Freizeit (leisure time): The time spent away from work or any professional activities.

**Synonyms:**

1. Tätigkeit (activity): Referring to any form of work or occupation.
2. Profession: A specific occupation that requires specialized knowledge or skills.

**Examples:**

1. Mein Beruf ist Arzt. (My occupation is a doctor.)
2. Sie hat ihren Beruf als Lehrerin gewählt. (She has chosen her profession as a teacher.)

The word "Beruf" encompasses the idea of one's profession or occupation, representing the work that people do to support themselves and their families. It highlights the importance of choosing a suitable career path that aligns with one's skills, interests, and aspirations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Beruf" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Beruf%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>