---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kultur.png
title: Kultur
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]

---

Kultur is a German word that can have many meanings depending on the context in which it is used. The word has been derived from the Latin word 'colere' which means to cultivate. 

**Definitions**

Kultur is often associated with the arts, intellectual and social activity, or customs that embody the values of a particular generation. German people use this word to refer to their heritage, way of life, or civilization. Kultur can also refer to a way of thinking, behaving, or working that is considered acceptable by a particular group or society. 

**Synonyms**

Synonyms for Kultur include Bildung, Zivilisation, Geistigkeit, Kunst, and Feingeistigkeit. Bildung refers to the cultural background or intellectual education of a person. Zivilisation refers to the level of advancement of society. Geistigkeit refers to spirit, attitude or state of mind. Kunst refers to the creative originality or aesthetic expression of a person. Feingeistigkeit refers to sophistication or refinement in thought and behavior.

**Examples**

Here are some examples of how the word Kultur might be used:

- "Ich liebe die deutsche Kultur." (I love German culture.)
- "Die Kultur dieser Stadt ist sehr lebendig." (The culture of this city is very vibrant.)
- "Kultur ist wichtig für das Zusammenleben in der Gesellschaft." (Culture is important for living together in society.)
- "Deutschland hat eine reiche Kulturgeschichte." (Germany has a rich cultural history.)

**Opposites**

Opposites of Kultur could be Unkultur (unculture), Barbarei (barbarism), Natur (nature), Unerfahrenheit (inexperience), or Unbildung (lack of education). Unkultur refers to a lack of culture, while Barbarei refers to uncivilized behavior. Natur refers to the natural environment, while Unerfahrenheit refers to a lack of experience. Unbildung refers to the lack of intellectual education or culture. 

In conclusion, the word Kultur is a fascinating one with many meanings and connotations. It reflects both the deep respect that German people have for their heritage and the way of life, as well as their broader philosophical thinking about the values and attitudes that constitute a civilized society.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kultur" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kultur%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>