---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Rucksack.png
title: Rucksack
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]

---

Rucksack, which means backpack in English, is a commonly used word in German. It refers to a bag that people wear on their back, which is used for carrying things around. In this post, we will explore its definitions, opposites, and synonyms, as well as provide examples of how to use it in sentences.

**Definitions**

- **Rucksack**: a bag that people wear on their back, which is used for carrying things around.

**Opposites**

- **Tasche**: pocket. While a Rucksack is carried on the back, a Tasche is usually smaller and carried in the hand or on the shoulder.

**Synonyms**

- **Rucks채cke**: This is the plural form of Rucksack. 
- **Rucksacktasche**: Smaller backpack that is used to carry items in the Rucksack.

**Examples**

- Ich nehme meinen Rucksack auf die Wanderung mit. (I am taking my backpack on the hike.)
- Anna tr채gt ihren Rucksack auf dem Schulweg. (Anna carries her backpack on the way to school.)
- Der Rucksack ist schwer, weil er viele B체cher enth채lt. (The backpack is heavy because it contains many books.)

In conclusion, Rucksack is a versatile word that is commonly used in German. It is used to describe a bag that is carried on the back and used for carrying items. Knowing the opposites and synonyms of this word can help expand your German vocabulary, and examples provide context to help you understand how to use it in different situations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Rucksack" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Rucksack%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>