---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frühstück.png
title: Frühstück
categories: [German]
tags: [noun]
---

"Frühstück" is a noun in the German language. It refers to the first meal of the day, commonly known as breakfast in English. This word is composed of two parts: "früh" means early, while "stück" translates to piece or portion.

Here are some examples and variations related to the concept of "Frühstück":

1. Definition: Frühstück is the meal consumed after a long period of fasting during the night. It typically consists of bread or rolls with butter and a variety of spreads, such as jam, honey, or cheese. Additional elements often include cold cuts like ham or salami, as well as eggs, yogurt, cereals, and fruit.

2. Opposite: The opposite of "Frühstück" would be the absence of any morning meal, commonly referred to as "das Fasten" or fasting. While some individuals choose to skip breakfast altogether, it is generally recommended as an important meal to kickstart the day.

3. Synonyms: The term "Morgenmahl" is a synonym for "Frühstück." Both words convey the same meaning of the morning meal and are used interchangeably in everyday speech.

4. Example 1: "Heute habe ich ein ausgiebiges Frühstück genossen." (Today, I enjoyed a hearty breakfast.) This sentence emphasizes the satisfactory and fulfilling nature of the meal.

5. Example 2: "Am Wochenende treffen wir uns gerne zum gemeinsamen Frühstück." (On weekends, we enjoy getting together for a shared breakfast.) This example highlights the social aspect of having breakfast with others.

Whether it's a quick bite or a leisurely feast, "Frühstück" is an integral part of German culture, representing the first culinary experience of each day.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frühstück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frühstück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>