Here's a random german word: **Glück**

---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, nouns]
title: Glück

---

**Glück** is a noun in German that means happiness or luck. It is a word that can be used in a variety of contexts and has several meanings depending on the situation.

**Definitions:**

* Luck: In some situations, **Glück** can be used to signify good luck or fortune. For example, "Ich hatte Glück, dass der Bus noch nicht abgefahren war" (I was lucky that the bus hadn't left yet).

* Happiness: **Glück** can also mean happiness or contentment. For example, "Mein größtes Glück ist meine Familie" (My greatest happiness is my family).

* Serendipity: In some cases, **Glück** can refer to serendipitous events or coincidences. For example, "Es war ein Glück, dass ich ihm im Café begegnet bin" (It was lucky that I ran into him at the café).

**Opposites:**

The opposite of **Glück** is **Pech**, which means bad luck or misfortune.

**Synonyms:**

Some synonyms for **Glück** include:

* Freude (joy)
* Zufriedenheit (satisfaction)
* Erfolg (success)

**Examples:**

* "Ich wünsche dir viel Glück bei deinem Vorstellungsgespräch" (I wish you good luck on your job interview).
* "Das Glück liegt in den kleinen Dingen" (Happiness lies in the small things).
* "Glück gehabt! Ich habe meinen Schlüssel wiedergefunden" (Lucky me! I found my key).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück (happiness, luck) 
categories: [german-vocabulary]
tags: [words, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition:** 

Glück is a German noun that means happiness, luck, or fortune. It refers to a feeling of contentment and joy that arises from favorable circumstances, good luck or an event that brings about some positive outcome. 

**Opposites:** 

- Unglück (misfortune, bad luck)
- Pech (bad luck, mishap)

**Synonyms:** 

- Freude (joy, pleasure)
- Zufriedenheit (contentment, satisfaction) 
- Wohlstand (prosperity, wellbeing)

**Examples:**

- Ich wünsche dir viel Glück bei deinem neuen Job. (I wish you good luck on your new job.)
- Das Glück war auf seiner Seite, und er hat im Lotto gewonnen. (Luck was on his side, and he won the lottery.)
- Glück kann man nicht kaufen, aber man kann es schließlich finden. (You can't buy happiness, but you can finally find it.) 

Now that you know the meaning of Glück, try to use it in your everyday conversations to show off your German vocabulary skills. Don't forget to wish everyone "Viel Glück" on their special occasions!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>