---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Trinken.png
title: Trinken
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

Trinken (literally meaning "to drink") is a common German verb that refers to the action of consuming liquid. It is an essential part of everyday life and plays a significant role in social gatherings and cultural traditions. This word has several definitions, opposite terms, synonyms, and examples that help us understand its various contexts. Let's explore them below:

## Definitions

1. *To drink*: This is the primary definition of "trinken" and denotes the act of ingesting liquid through the mouth.

2. *To sip*: This definition emphasizes the action of drinking in small quantities or taking small sips, often used for delicate or hot beverages.

3. *To imbibe*: This definition refers to consuming alcoholic beverages specifically.

4. *To absorb*: In certain contexts, "trinken" can imply absorbing or soaking up liquids, such as a sponge absorbing water.

## Opposites

1. *Nicht trinken (not to drink)*: The opposite of "trinken" is to abstain from consuming liquid, commonly expressed as "nicht trinken" in German.

2. *Austrocknen (to dehydrate)*: Opposite in terms of effect, this verb signifies the process of losing bodily fluids and becoming dehydrated, which can occur due to inadequate drinking.

## Synonyms

1. *Saufen*: This colloquial synonym is often used informally to describe heavy drinking, particularly with alcoholic beverages. It carries a slightly negative connotation.

2. *Exen*: Another colloquial synonym used more among younger generations, it means to gulp down or chug a drink.

## Examples

1. *Ich trinke gerne Kaffee.* (I enjoy drinking coffee.)
2. *Trinkst du gerne Wasser?* (Do you like drinking water?)
3. *Wir haben gestern viel Bier getrunken.* (We drank a lot of beer yesterday.)
4. *Sie trinkt ihre Tee langsam und genüsslich.* (She savors her tea slowly and with pleasure.)

These definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples shed light on the versatility and importance of the word "trinken" in the German language. So, next time you raise a glass, remember the word that encapsulates the action: "trinken"!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Trinken" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Trinken%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>