---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kaum.png
title: "Kaum"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Kaum**

*Kaum* is a German word that can be used as an adverb or a conjunction. Its primary usage relates to the expression of scarcity, uncertainty, or negation. Below are the various meanings, opposites, synonyms, and examples of its usage:

**Definitions:**

1. *Scarcity*: *Kaum* can indicate a limited amount or quantity of something. It demonstrates a lack or insufficiency of availability. Example: "Es gibt kaum Wasser in der Wüste" (There is hardly any water in the desert).

2. *Uncertainty*: *Kaum* can express doubt or uncertainty about a specific situation or outcome. It implies a lack of confidence or assurance. Example: "Ich glaube, sie wird kaum zum Termin kommen" (I believe she is unlikely to come to the appointment).

3. *Negation*: *Kaum* can be used to negate or contradict a preceding statement or expectation. It suggests that something is highly unlikely or improbable. Example: "Das ist doch kaum möglich!" (That is hardly possible!)

**Opposites:**

- *Vielleicht* (Maybe)
- *Sicherlich* (Certainly)
- *Viel* (Much)

**Synonyms:**

- *Wenig* (Few)
- *Knapp* (Scarce)
- *Fast gar nicht* (Almost not)

**Examples:**

1. "Er hat kaum Geld, um die Rechnungen zu bezahlen" (He has hardly any money to pay the bills).
2. "Die Gäste sind kaum angekommen, da gehen sie schon wieder" (The guests have barely arrived, and they are leaving already).
3. "Die Straßen sind kaum befahren" (The streets are scarcely used).

Through its versatile usages, *kaum* provides a descriptive element to the German language, enabling speakers to express scarcity, doubt, or negation in various contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kaum" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kaum%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>