---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: "Freiheit"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Freiheit** is a German word that translates to "freedom" in English. It is derived from the adjective "frei," which means "free." Freiheit represents the state of being free or unrestricted, and it is highly valued in various aspects of life.

## Opposites

- **Gefangenschaft** (captivity): Describes the state of being imprisoned or confined, the complete opposite of Freiheit.
- **Unterdrückung** (oppression): Represents the act of suppressing or limiting someone's freedom, denying them Freiheit.

## Synonyms

- **Autonomie** (autonomy): Refers to the ability to self-govern and make independent decisions, closely related to Freiheit.
- **Unabhängigkeit** (independence): Signifies the state of not being influenced or controlled by others, akin to Freiheit.

## Examples

1. Die Freiheit der Meinungsäußerung ist ein grundlegendes Menschenrecht.  
   (Freedom of speech is a fundamental human right.)
   
2. Nach jahrelanger Gefangenschaft genoss er endlich wieder seine Freiheit.  
   (After years of captivity, he finally enjoyed his freedom once again.)
   
3. Jugendliche streben oft nach Freiheit und Unabhängigkeit von den Eltern.  
   (Teenagers often strive for freedom and independence from their parents.)

Freiheit is a concept that encompasses various aspects of life, including personal, political, and social freedom. It signifies the absence of constraints or limitations, allowing individuals to express their thoughts, make choices, and live according to their own principles.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>