---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zeitlos.png
categories: [German]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: Zeitlos
---

**Zeitlos** (adj.) is a German word that can be translated as "timeless" in English. It is derived from the combination of "Zeit" meaning "time" and "los" meaning "without." Here are a few definitions, opposites, and synonyms related to this word:

**Definitions:**
1. **Unaffected by time:** The word "zeitlos" refers to something that is not influenced or affected by time, remaining relevant and significant throughout different eras.
2. **Eternal:** It describes something that is everlasting, enduring, and continues to hold its value or beauty over an extended period.
3. **Classic:** It characterizes objects, art, or designs that possess a timeless quality, resulting in their enduring appeal throughout generations.

**Opposites:**
1. **Temporal:** In contrast to "zeitlos," the opposite word would be "zeitgebunden," which means "time-bound" or "temporal."
2. **Fleeting:** It refers to something that is transient, momentary, or short-lived, as opposed to something timeless.
3. **Dated:** The opposite of "zeitlos" can be "veraltet" or "체berholt," representing something that is outdated, old-fashioned, or no longer applicable.

**Synonyms:**
1. **Permanent:** A synonym for "zeitlos" would be "best채ndig," indicating something constant, persistent, and unchanging.
2. **Unfading:** It describes something that does not fade away or lose significance with time, similar to "zeitlos."
3. **Enduring:** This word signifies the ability of something to last or withstand the test of time, much like "zeitlos."

**Examples:**

- Die Mona Lisa ist ein zeitloses Kunstwerk. (The Mona Lisa is a timeless piece of art.)
- Seine Ideen in der Philosophie sind zeitlos und haben auch heute noch Relevanz. (His ideas in philosophy are timeless and still have relevance even today.)
- Ein schwarzer Anzug gilt als eine zeitlose Modeoption f체r formelle Anl채sse. (A black suit is considered a timeless fashion choice for formal occasions.)

In conclusion, "zeitlos" describes something that transcends time, remaining significant and relevant throughout different periods. It symbolizes endurance, permanence, and an eternal quality that allows certain objects, ideas, or designs to retain their appeal indefinitely.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zeitlos" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zeitlos%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>