---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Rucksack.png
title: Rucksack
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, nouns]
---

Rucksack (pronounced /ˈrʊksak/ in German) is a commonly used German noun that refers to a backpack in English. It is composed of two words: Rücken, which means back, and Sack, which means bag.

### Definitions

A Rucksack is a type of backpack worn on one's back, often used to carry items such as books, clothes, and supplies while traveling or hiking. It is usually made of sturdy fabric or leather and has two straps that go over the shoulders to distribute the weight of the load.

### Opposites and Synonyms

There are different words in German that can be used as synonyms or opposites of Rucksack. Some of the synonyms are:

- **Tasche**: means bag or pocket, but it is normally used to refer to small bags or purses.
- **Beutel**: means pouch or sack, which is a similar concept to the Rucksack but it is usually smaller and can be made of softer material such as cloth.
- **Ranzen**: means satchel, which is a type of backpack often used by students.

In terms of opposites, the German word for a bag is Tasche, but it doesn’t necessarily mean an opposite concept to Rucksack.

### Examples

- Ich brauche meinen Rucksack für die Wandertour. (I need my backpack for the hiking trip)
- Ich habe meine Brieftasche in meinem Rucksack. (I have my wallet in my backpack)
- Meine Tochter trägt gerne ihren rosa Rucksack zur Schule (My daughter likes to wear her pink backpack to school)

Overall, Rucksack is an important word to add to your German vocabulary if you plan to travel or do outdoor activities. Learning synonyms and opposites of this word will help you to better understand the German language and communicate more effectively.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Rucksack" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Rucksack%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>