---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Saft.png
title: Saft
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Saft is a german word that means juice in English. In the culinary sense, it refers to the liquid extraction from fruits or vegetables. It is a popular drink consumed by both adults and children in Germany.

The opposite of Saft is Trocken (dry) which can be used to describe foods or drinks without liquid such as bread, crackers, etc.

Some synonyms of Saft include Getränk, Flüssigkeit, and Trank which all mean beverage or drink. 

Examples of Saft include Apfelsaft (apple juice), Orangensaft (orange juice), Tomatensaft (tomato juice), Karottensaft (carrot juice), and Rote-Beete-Saft (beetroot juice).

Saft can also be used in non-culinary situations such as describing a person's emotions. For example, "Er hat noch den Saft" which means "He still has the energy/stamina."\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Saft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Saft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Saft.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Saft

---

Saft, in German, means juice. It is a drink made from the extraction or pressing of fruits or vegetables. There are various types of Saft available like Cranberry, Apple, Pineapple, and many more. 

**Opposites**:
- Trocken (Dry): this is the opposite of Saft. Something that has no juice or liquid content is called Trocken in German.

**Synonyms**:
- Flüssigkeit (Liquid): Saft is a popular synonym for liquid as it's consumed frequently, and it's a common household item. 

**Examples**:
1. Ich trinke jeden Morgen Orangensaft. (I drink orange juice every morning.)
2. Ein Glas Saft ist ideal bei warmem Wetter. (A glass of juice is ideal in warm weather.)

Saft is a refreshing drink that is enjoyed by people of all ages. It's an excellent source of vitamins and nutrients and an excellent alternative to sugary drinks.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Saft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Saft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>