---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Elefant.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [german, vocabulary]
title: Elefant
---

## Definition

Elefant is a German word that refers to the largest land animal on earth. This gentle giant belongs to the family Elephantidae and is characterized by its long trunk, large ears, and tusks. Elephants are known for their intelligence, social behavior, and excellent memory. They are herbivores and can be found in various habitats, from dense forests to savannas.

## Opposite

The opposite of an Elefant is a Maus (mouse). While an Elefant is large and mighty, a Maus is small and delicate. These two animals are polar opposites in terms of their size, characteristics, and behavior.

## Synonyms

Synonyms for Elefant in German include Dickhäuter, Rüsseltier, and Stoßzahnträger. These words describe different physical characteristics or traits of Elephants. For example, Dickhäuter emphasizes the thick skin of Elephants, Rüsseltier highlights their long trunk, and Stoßzahnträger refers to their tusks.

## Examples

- Der Elefant ist ein imposantes Tier. (The Elephant is an impressive animal.)
- Elefanten leben in Herden zusammen. (Elephants live in herds.)
- Die Rüssel eines Elefanten dienen ihm zum Greifen und Trinken. (The trunk of an elephant is used for grasping and drinking.)

Next time you come across the word Elefant, you'll know its definition, opposite, synonyms, and even some example sentences! Happy learning!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Elefant" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Elefant%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>