---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Besser.png
title: Besser
categories: [vocab]
tags: [german, synonyms, opposites, definitions]

---

One random German word selected is **Besser**. This is a comparative adjective that means better or improved. It can be used to compare two things or situations, indicating that one is superior to the other.

**Definitions**

Some definitions of the word include: 

- Improved or better performing than something else.
- Of higher quality, accuracy or value than something else.
- Used to express a preference for something.

**Opposites**

Some opposites of the word include:

- Schlechter (worse)
- Schlimmer (worse)
- Minderwertig (inferior)

**Synonyms**

Some synonyms of the word include:

- Verbessert (improved)
- Überlegen (superior)
- Erstklassig (first-class)

**Examples**

Here are some examples of how to use the word "Besser" in a sentence:

- Du siehst heute besser aus als gestern. (You look better today than yesterday)
- Die neueste Technologie ist besser als die alte. (The latest technology is better than the old one.)
- Ich ziehe es vor, allein zu arbeiten - das funktioniert für mich besser. (I prefer to work alone - it works better for me).

In summary, "Besser" is a comparative German adjective that means improved, better or superior. It has various opposites and synonyms, and it is commonly used in German language to express comparisons, preferences, and opinions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Besser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Besser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>