---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hausfrau.png
title: Hausfrau
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition**: Hausfrau (feminine noun) is a German word used to refer to a married or unmarried woman who manages the household and takes care of domestic tasks. The term "Hausfrau" combines "Haus" (house) and "Frau" (woman).

**Opposite**: The opposite of a Hausfrau can be described as a Hausmann, which refers to a man who fulfills the traditional role of a homemaker. In recent years, with changes in societal norms, the concept of a Hausfrau or Hausmann has become less gender-specific.

**Synonyms**: Synonyms for Hausfrau include Haushälterin (housekeeper), Hausmutter (house mother), or simply a Familienmanagerin (family manager), depending on the specific roles and responsibilities.

**Examples**:

1. Maria is a dedicated Hausfrau who takes pride in maintaining a clean and organized household for her family.

2. Ingrid, a successful career woman during her youth, chose to become a Hausfrau after getting married in order to focus on raising her children.

3. Lisa juggles her role as a Hausfrau and her job as a freelance writer, finding a balance between domestic responsibilities and her professional aspirations.

It is important to note that the term "Hausfrau" has evolved over time, and many women now balance their domestic duties alongside their careers or other pursuits. The concept has expanded to include broader definitions that emphasize shared responsibilities and partnership within the household, embracing the diversity of roles and choices made by individuals within a family unit.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hausfrau" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hausfrau%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>