---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glass.png
title: Glass (n.)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition:**

The word "Glass" is a German noun that typically refers to a transparent, solid, brittle substance that is commonly used for making containers, windows, lenses, and decorative objects. It can be made by melting sand or other raw materials at high temperatures and then cooling the mixture rapidly to form a solid structure.

**Opposites:**

While there is no direct antonym for "Glass," some words that can describe the opposite of the substance include opaque, solid, and dull. These words describe materials that are not transparent or brittle, and may not be suitable for making windows or other objects that require light to pass through them.

**Synonyms:**

Some synonyms for "Glass" in German include "Glas" and "Fensterglas," which are similar words that describe the same type of material. Other synonyms for "Glass" in English include crystal, plexiglass, and acrylic, which are materials that have similar properties and can be used for similar purposes.

**Examples:**

Some common examples of objects made from Glass include windows, mirrors, drinking glasses, vases, jars, and camera lenses. These objects can be found in homes, offices, and public places all over the world, and they are often prized for their beauty, durability, and ability to transmit light. Glass is also used in many other applications, including medicine, science, and technology, where it can be used for optical instruments and laboratory equipment.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glass" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glass%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>