schnell

---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, antonyms, definition, examples]

---

Schnell is a German word that is often used to describe something or someone that moves quickly. It can be used in different contexts and have different meanings depending on the situation.

**Definition:** The German word Schnell means "fast" or "quick." It is often used to describe a high-speed movement, such as a fast car or a quick runner. 

**Synonyms:** Some of the synonyms of Schnell are schnellstmöglich (as soon as possible), rasch (swift), flink (nimble), geschwind (speedy), zügig (prompt). 

**Antonyms:** The antonyms of Schnell are langsam (slow), verlangsamt (slowed down), verzögert (delayed), träge (lethargic), und ultraschnell (ultra-fast).

**Examples:** 
- Heute Morgen musste ich sehr schnell laufen, um den Bus zu erwischen. (This morning, I had to run very quickly to catch the bus.)
- Das Rennauto fuhr blitzschnell über die Ziellinie. (The race car sped quickly over the finish line.)
- Der Verkehr war sehr langsam auf der Autobahn. (The traffic was very slow on the highway.)
- Die Lieferung verzögerte sich aufgrund der schlechten Wetterbedingungen. (The delivery was delayed due to poor weather conditions.)

Overall, the word Schnell has a simple, yet effective meaning and is widely used in German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>