---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Autobahn.png
title: Autobahn
categories: [German]
tags: [word, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Autobahn** is a German word that translates to "motorway" or "highway" in English. It refers to a major road intended for high-speed vehicular traffic, typically connecting different cities or regions. The Autobahn is known for its advanced infrastructure, lack of speed limits in some sections, and efficient transportation system.

**Definitions:**
- A federal-controlled road system with multiple lanes, designed for high-speed travel.
- A transportation network connecting major cities and regions of Germany.
- A symbol of efficiency and technological advancement in road infrastructure.

**Opposite:**
- Landstraße (Country Road) - a smaller road that usually runs through rural areas and has lower speed limits and fewer technological features compared to the Autobahn.

**Synonyms:**
- Schnellstraße (Expressway)
- Fernverkehrsstraße (Trunk road)
- Kraftfahrstraße (Motorway)

**Examples:**
1. "Wir fahren heute auf der Autobahn nach Berlin." (We are driving on the highway to Berlin today.)
2. "Die Autobahn A7 führt von Flensburg bis Füssen." (The motorway A7 runs from Flensburg to Füssen.)
3. "Auf der Autobahn herrscht oft dichter Verkehr." (There is often heavy traffic on the Autobahn.)

The Autobahn holds a significant place in Germany's transportation system, offering efficient connections between cities and enabling faster travel across the country. Its unique characteristics have made it a topic of fascination and admiration worldwide.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Autobahn" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Autobahn%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>