---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tür.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Tür
---

The word "Tür" is a German noun that translates to "door" in English. It can refer to various types of doors, both literal and metaphorical.

**Definitions:**

1. **Die Tür** - (noun, feminine): The physical object that separates two spaces, typically used for entering or exiting a building or a room. Examples: "Ich öffnete die Tür und trat ein" (I opened the door and entered), "Klopf bitte an der Tür, bevor du reinkommst" (Please knock on the door before entering).

**Opposites (Antonym):**

- **Das Fenster** (noun, neuter): The opposite of a door, a window that allows light and air to pass through but does not serve as an entrance or exit point.

**Synonyms (Synonym):**

- **Die Eingangstür** (noun, feminine): The front door or the main entrance of a building.
- **Die Zimmertür** (noun, feminine): The door of a room within a building.
- **Das Tor** (noun, neuter): A large, often ornate door, such as the entrance to a castle or a grand gate.

**Examples:**

1. "Ich stehe vor der Tür und warte auf dich." (I am standing by the door, waiting for you.)
2. "Die Tür war verschlossen, also klopfte ich." (The door was locked, so I knocked.)
3. "Das Kind trat mit Schwung gegen die Tür, doch sie blieb geschlossen." (The child kicked the door forcefully, but it remained closed.)

The word "Tür" is a versatile term used in various contexts. Whether referring to a physical door or something metaphorical, it plays an essential role in everyday German communication.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tür" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tür%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>