---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kreuzung.png
title: "Kreuzung"
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Kreuzung is a German noun that means crossroad in English. The word Kreuzung is derived from the verb kreuzen which means to cross, so Kreuzung refers to a point where two or more roads cross each other. 

**Synonyms**

- Kreuzpunkt
- Verzweigung
- Abzweigung
- Gabelung

**Antonyms**

- Einbahnstraße
- Sackgasse

**Examples**

- An der Kreuzung musst du nach links abbiegen.
- Die Kreuzung ist heute aufgrund eines Unfalls gesperrt.
- Wir trafen uns an der Kreuzung, um gemeinsam weiterzufahren.

Kreuzung can also be used metaphorically to mean intersection or junction point, referring to a point where different ideas, opinions or interests meet.

- Die Kreuzung der Kulturen in dieser Stadt führt zu einer bunten Vielfalt.
- Das Projekt markiert die Kreuzung von Technologie und Kunst.

In traffic, Kreuzung is an important element of road safety as it requires drivers to be alert and cautious. When driving, it is important to follow traffic signs and regulations, as well as to pay attention to other vehicles, pedestrians and cyclists when approaching a Kreuzung.

Overall, Kreuzung is a versatile German word that has multiple meanings and uses, both literally and figuratively. Being familiar with this word is helpful for anyone who wants to communicate effectively in German, whether in everyday conversation or professional settings.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kreuzung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kreuzung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>