---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Arm.png
title: Arm (noun)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition
"Arm" is a German noun that primarily refers to the human upper limb, which extends from the shoulder to the hand. It is an essential part of the body used for various functions such as mobility, manipulation, and sensing. The arm consists of the upper arm (Oberarm), forearm (Unterarm), and hand (Hand). In a broader sense, "Arm" can also signify the corresponding anatomical structure in other animals.

### Opposite
The opposite of "Arm" in German is "Bein," which means "leg." While arms signify the upper limbs, legs represent the lower limbs of the body, facilitating movement, stability, and support.

### Synonyms
- Oberextremität
- Gliedmaße (limb)
- Extremität

### Examples
1. Mein linker Arm ist stärker als mein rechter Arm. (My left arm is stronger than my right arm.)
2. Die Person hielt das Baby liebevoll in ihren Armen. (The person lovingly held the baby in their arms.)
3. Der Schmerz in meinem Arm lässt langsam nach. (The pain in my arm is slowly subsiding.)
4. Die Statue hat Arme aus Marmor. (The statue has arms made of marble.)
5. Arm in Arm spazierten sie den Strand entlang. (Arm in arm, they strolled along the beach.)

Please note that "Arm" can have various meanings depending on the context, and the examples provided here may not encompass all possible interpretations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Arm" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Arm%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>