---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Luft is a German word that can be translated to *air* or *breath*. It is a noun and it can have different meanings depending on the context.

**Definitions**

*Luft* can refer to the mixture of gases that make up the earth's atmosphere. In this sense, it is often used in weather forecasts, aviation, or discussions about climate change. For example, "Die Luft wird immer saurer" means "The air is becoming more acidic."

Another meaning of *Luft* is related to breathing. When someone is out of breath or gasping for air, Germans would say "Ich bekomme keine Luft" which translates to "I can't breathe." 

Finally, *Luft* can also mean the space in a room or a building. You might hear someone saying "Es gibt nicht genug Luft hier" which means "There isn't enough air/space in here."

**Opposites**

The opposite of *Luft* would be *stickig*, which means stuffy or suffocating. 

**Synonyms**

There are many different synonyms for *Luft* depending on the context. Here are a few examples:

- Atmen (breathing)
- Himmel (sky, heaven)
- Raum (space, room)

**Examples**

Here are a few more examples of how *Luft* can be used in sentences:

- Die Luftfeuchtigkeit beträgt heute 90 Prozent. (Today's humidity is 90 percent.)
- Der Fallschirmspringer atmete tief die frische Luft ein. (The skydiver took a deep breath of the fresh air.)
- In der Wohnung war es so heiß, dass ich das Fenster öffnen musste, um mehr Luft zu bekommen. (It was so hot in the apartment that I had to open the window to get more air.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>