---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Besser.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Besser
---

The German word "Besser" means "better" in English. It is an adjective or adverb that is used to compare two or more things, indicating that one is of superior quality, condition, or performance to another.

**- Definitions:**

1. *Adjective* - When used as an adjective, "besser" means "better." It describes a noun that is of higher quality or more desirable than another.

2. *Adverb* - As an adverb, "besser" can mean "better" or "in a better way." It describes the manner in which an action is performed.

**- Opposite:**

The opposite of "besser" is "schlechter," which means "worse" in English. It is used to compare two things, indicating that one is of inferior quality or condition compared to the other.

**- Synonyms:**

Some synonyms for "besser" include:

- überlegen (superior)
- vorzüglich (excellent)
- ausgezeichnet (outstanding)

**- Examples:**

1. Mein neues Auto ist besser als das alte. (My new car is better than the old one.)
2. Er spielt besser Klavier als seine Schwester. (He plays the piano better than his sister.)
3. Diese Pizza schmeckt besser als die im anderen Restaurant. (This pizza tastes better than the one at the other restaurant.)

It is important to note that the word "besser" changes its form depending on the gender, number, and case of the noun it relates to. This ensures grammatical agreement within a sentence.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Besser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Besser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>