---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Mutig.png
title: Mutig [Courageous]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition
Mutig, an adjective derived from the German word "Mut" (which means courage or bravery), refers to someone or something that possesses the characteristic of being courageous. It describes individuals who display bravery and fearlessness in the face of danger or challenging situations.

### Opposite
The opposite of mutig is "ängstlich" (fearful) or "feige" (cowardly). While mutig individuals face their fears head-on, their opposites tend to avoid or run away from challenging situations due to their fear and lack of courage.

### Synonyms
Synonyms for mutig include:

1. Tapfer: This term also refers to someone who displays courage in the face of danger or adversity.
2. Kühn: It describes individuals who demonstrate boldness and audacity, often taking risks without hesitation.
3. Furchtlos: This word emphasizes fearlessness and implies an absence of terror or anxiety.
4. Entschlossen: While not directly related to bravery, it denotes individuals who are determined and resolute, often demonstrating courage in pursuing their goals.

### Examples
- Eine mutige Entscheidung treffen (Make a courageous decision)
- Der Feuerwehrmann war sehr mutig und rettete viele Menschenleben. (The firefighter was very courageous and saved many lives)
- Ihre mutige Tat wurde in der ganzen Stadt bekannt. (Her courageous act became renowned throughout the city)

Mutig individuals are often admired for their ability to confront challenging situations, inspire others, and make a positive impact in society.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Mutig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Mutig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>