---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Anmut.png
title: Anmut (Grace)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Anmut** is a German noun that translates to "Grace" in English. It is often used to describe a quality of elegance and beauty in a person's movements, actions, or appearance. Below are some different aspects and examples related to the word Anmut:

**Definitions:**

- *Elegance*: Anmut denotes refined beauty and sophistication, particularly in terms of physical gestures and style.

- *Gracefulness*: Anmut characterizes the ability to move or act with elegance, ease, and fluidity.

- *Charm*: Anmut implies a captivating and endearing quality, such as when someone's behavior or presence is effortlessly appealing.

**Opposites:**

- *Unbeholfenheit* (awkwardness): Anmut can be contrasted with ungracefulness, stiffness, or an overall lack of elegance.

- *Plumpheit* (clumsiness): The opposite of Anmut would include a lack of coordination or grace in someone’s movements or mannerisms.

**Synonyms:**

- *Grazie* (grace): Similar to Anmut, Grazie describes a sense of effortless elegance and charm.

- *Wohlgestalt* (harmonious form): Wohlgestalt emphasizes the pleasing aesthetic quality and overall balance in someone’s appearance or behavior.

**Examples:**

1. Die Tänzerin bewegte sich mit bemerkenswerter Anmut über die Bühne. (The dancer moved across the stage with remarkable grace.)

2. Die junge Dame besitzt eine außergewöhnliche Anmut und wird von vielen bewundert. (The young lady possesses extraordinary elegance and is admired by many.)

3. Sein Anzug und seine Manieren verströmen eine Aura von Anmut und Finesse. (His suit and manners exude an aura of grace and finesse.)

4. Das Gedicht ist eine Ode an die Anmut der Natur mit ihren scheinbar mühelosen Schönheiten. (The poem is an ode to the grace of nature with its seemingly effortless beauties.)

Anmut paints a vivid picture of elegance and charm through its various definitions, opposites, and synonyms. It celebrates the ability to move and exist in a graceful manner, adding a touch of refinement and sophistication to one's presence.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Anmut" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Anmut%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>