---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Gestern.png
title: "Gestern (Noun)"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Gestern is a German noun that translates to "yesterday" in English. It is commonly used to refer to the day preceding the current day. In addition to its literal meaning, the word can also be used metaphorically to describe events or situations that are considered outdated or no longer relevant.

## Opposites

- Heute (today): The opposite of gestern, referring to the current day or the day after.
- Morgen (tomorrow): The opposite of gestern, referring to the day following the current day.

## Synonyms

- Vortag: Synonymous with gestern, used to describe the day preceding the current day.
- Vorheriger Tag: Another synonym for gestern, denoting the day prior to the present day.

## Examples

1. Ich habe gestern einen schönen Spaziergang gemacht. (Yesterday, I went for a nice walk.)
2. Gestern war ein schwieriger Tag, aber heute ist alles besser. (Yesterday was a difficult day, but today everything is better.)
3. Was hast du gestern Abend gemacht? (What did you do last night?)
4. Morgen werden wir über gestern diskutieren. (Tomorrow, we will discuss about yesterday.)

Gestern plays a significant role in conversations, diary entries, and time-related discussions, allowing individuals to refer to events and actions that have recently occurred in the past.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Gestern" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Gestern%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>