---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Blitz.png
title: Blitz (Lightning)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Blitz, or lightning in English, is a German word that can be used to describe a sudden and intense flash of light in the sky. This phenomenon is often accompanied by thunder, which is the audio manifestation of the lightning's electrical discharge.

### Definitions

There are several definitions of the word Blitz in the German language depending on its context of use. Here are some of them:

- The electrical discharge that occurs between two regions of opposite electric charge in the atmosphere is referred to as Blitz.
- Blitz can also mean a sudden, intense rush of an action or event, such as a blitz of gunfire or a blitz of media coverage.
- In sports, blitz can refer to an aggressive tactic used to take out the opposing team's quarterback in American football.

### Opposites

When it comes to opposites, the term used in opposition to Blitz is usually Langsam. Langsam means "slow" in English.

### Synonyms

There are also many synonyms for Blitz depending on its use in different contexts. Some examples include:

- Gewitter (thunderstorm)
- Donner (thunder)
- Sturm (storm)
- Feuerblitz (fire lightning)

### Examples

Here are some examples of Blitz in sentences:

- Der Blitz schlug in den Baum ein. (The lightning struck the tree.)
- Die Mannschaft setzte den Blitzangriff früh ein. (The team launched the blitz attack early.)
- Ein heftiger Blitz erhellte den Himmel über der Stadt. (A violent lightning illuminated the sky over the city.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Blitz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Blitz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>