---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stärke.png
title: Stärke
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---
 
**Stärke** 

Stärke is a German word that can be translated as "strength" in English. It is a noun derived from the adjective "stark" which means "strong". In the German language, Stärke has several definitions, opposites, and synonyms:

**Definitions:**

1. Physical strength: Stärke can refer to the physical power or force possessed by a person or object. For example: "Die Stärke des Boxers beeindruckt alle." (The strength of the boxer impresses everyone.)

2. Mental strength: Stärke can also represent mental or emotional strength, indicating resilience, determination, or courage. For example: "Der Künstler zeigt große Stärke, indem er seine Ängste überwindet." (The artist demonstrates great strength by overcoming his fears.)

3. Power or intensity: Stärke can indicate the power or intensity of something. This usage is often related to measurements or scales. For example: "Die Stärke des Erdbebens erreichte 6.5 auf der Richterskala." (The strength of the earthquake reached 6.5 on the Richter scale.)

**Opposites:**

1. Schwäche (weakness): A direct opposite of Stärke, Schwäche signifies the absence or lack of physical or mental strength.

2. Zerbrechlichkeit (fragility): Another contrasting term for Stärke, Zerbrechlichkeit describes the quality of being easily broken or damaged.

**Synonyms:**

1. Kraft (power): Similar to Stärke, Kraft refers to physical or mental power, emphasizing the ability to exert force or energy.

2. Ausdauer (endurance): Ausdauer represents the ability to sustain physical or mental effort over a prolonged period, often associated with stamina or perseverance.

**Examples:**

- "Die Stärke der Brücke ermöglicht den sicheren Durchgang der Autos."
  (The strength of the bridge allows the safe passage of cars.)

- "Trotz der schwierigen Umstände bewies sie immense Stärke."
  (Despite the difficult circumstances, she showed immense strength.)

- "Das Gewitter erreichte eine hohe Stärke und verursachte beträchtliche Schäden."
  (The storm reached a high intensity and caused significant damage.)

Overall, Stärke is a versatile word in German, encompassing various aspects of physical, mental, or quantitative strength. Its opposites and synonyms provide additional nuances to understand the concept of strength in different contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stärke" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stärke%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>