---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Auto.png
title: Auto
categories: [Vehicles]
tags: [german, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition:
Auto is a german word used to refer to a motor vehicle, specifically an automobile or a car. It is derived from the Greek word "autós," meaning self. 

## Opposite:
The opposite of Auto is Fußgänger, which translates to pedestrian in English. While an Auto refers to a motor vehicle, Fußgänger denotes a person who is walking or traveling on foot.

## Synonyms:
Some synonyms for Auto include Fahrzeug, which means vehicle, and Wagen, which translates to car or wagon. These words are often used interchangeably to describe automobiles in the German language.

## Examples:
Here are a few examples of sentences using the word Auto:

1. Gestern habe ich mein neues Auto gekauft. (Yesterday, I bought my new car.)
2. Mein Nachbar hat ein teures Auto. (My neighbor has an expensive car.)
3. Das Auto ist in der Werkstatt für Reparaturen. (The car is in the workshop for repairs.)
4. In der Stadt ist es schwierig, ein Parkplätze für das Auto zu finden. (In the city, it is difficult to find a parking space for the car.)

In conclusion, Auto is a versatile German word that refers to motor vehicles or automobiles. Its opposite is Fußgänger, and it has synonyms such as Fahrzeug and Wagen. The word Auto can be used in various contexts, as demonstrated by the provided examples.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Auto" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Auto%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>