---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Jekyll.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Jekyll
---

## Jekyll

Jekyll is a static site generator written in Ruby. It is used to create and manage websites, converting simple text files written in Markdown into static HTML pages. The design of Jekyll is based on the concept of templating, enabling users to define reusable templates for their website's structure and content.

### Definitions

- Jekyll (noun): A static site generator used to create and manage websites.
- Jekyll (verb): The act of using Jekyll to convert Markdown files into static HTML pages.

### Opposites

- Dynamic site generator: Unlike Jekyll, dynamic site generators render web pages on-the-fly, typically utilizing a server-side programming language or framework.

### Synonyms

- Static site builder
- Static site compiler

### Examples

Here are a few examples of using Jekyll:

1. Creating a simple blog: Jekyll can be used to efficiently create a blog, where each blog post is written in Markdown and converted into a static HTML page. This allows for fast loading times and easy maintenance of the blog's content.

2. Building a portfolio website: With Jekyll, you can easily create a portfolio website showcasing your work. By utilizing the templating system, you can define a consistent structure for your portfolio pages and update your content without writing repetitive HTML code.

3. Generating documentation: Jekyll is often used to generate documentation websites. Developers can write documentation in Markdown, and Jekyll will automatically convert it into an easy-to-navigate static site.

Overall, Jekyll is a versatile tool for creating static websites, offering simplicity, performance, and flexibility.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Jekyll" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Jekyll%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>