---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Einsam.png
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
title: Einsam (Solitary)
---

## Definition

Einsam is a German word that translates to "solitary" in English. It is used to describe the state of being alone or feeling isolated from others. 

## Opposite: Gemeinsam (Together)

The opposite of einsam is gemeinsam, which means "together" or "in company." While einsam emphasizes being alone, gemeinsam emphasizes being in the presence of others, engaging in shared activities or relationships.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for einsam include:

- Allein (Alone)
- Verlassen (Abandoned)
- Isoliert (Isolated)
- Abgeschieden (Secluded)

## Examples

1. Nach dem Verlust ihrer besten Freundin fühlte sie sich einsam. (After losing her best friend, she felt lonely.)
2. In der weiten Wüste war er ganz allein und fühlte sich sehr einsam. (In the vast desert, he was completely alone and felt very solitary.)
3. Der alte Mann lebte in einem abgeschiedenen Bergdorf und war oft einsam. (The old man lived in a secluded mountain village and was often lonely.)
4. Die verlassene Insel war eine einsame Oase mitten im Ozean. (The abandoned island was a solitary oasis in the middle of the ocean.)

In summary, the word einsam captures the feeling of being alone, isolated, or disconnected from others. Its opposite, gemeinsam, emphasizes the importance of togetherness and shared experiences. Synonyms help to convey the various shades of meaning within this concept.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Einsam" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Einsam%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>