--- 
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hoffnung-.png 
title: Hoffnung 
categories: [German Word] 
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples] 
---

## Definition

**Hoffnung** (noun): a German word that translates to "hope" in English. Hoffnung represents a feeling or belief that something good or better will happen in the future. It is a fundamental human emotion that drives individuals to anticipate positive outcomes and encourages perseverance in difficult times.

## Opposites

- **Verzweiflung** (despair): the opposite of Hoffnung, representing the absence of hope or faith in positive outcomes. 

## Synonyms

- **Zuversicht** (confidence): a similar concept to Hoffnung, indicating trust and belief in favorable outcomes.
- **Erwartung** (expectation): a synonym for Hoffnung, highlighting the anticipation of positive events or results.

## Examples

- Nachdem sie ihre Bewerbung eingereicht hat, hegte sie die Hoffnung, dass sie den Job bekommen würde. (After submitting her application, she hoped that she would get the job.)
- Trotz der Schwierigkeiten behielt er immer seine Hoffnung auf eine bessere Zukunft. (Despite the challenges, he always maintained his hope for a better future.)

Hoffnung is a powerful and transformative emotion that offers comfort, motivation, and resilience in various aspects of life. It allows individuals to envision a brighter tomorrow, fostering optimism and inspiring perseverance in the face of adversity.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hoffnung " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hoffnung %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>