---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hund.png
title: Hund
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Hund is a common German word that means 'dog' in English. The word is used to refer to any dog breed or species, whether it's a pet or a street dog. In this post, we will explore the various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of Hund.

## Definitions

- A domesticated carnivorous mammal, Canis familiaris (or Canis lupus familiaris), related to wolves and bred in many varieties.
- A damned animal, often used as a swear word.
- A person who is loyal and obedient (usually in the context of 'Hund sein', meaning to be loyal and obedient like a dog).

## Opposites

Hund is a noun representing a living being, and thus, it doesn't have an opposite in the literal sense of the word. However, the context in which the word is used can mean the opposite. For example, 'kein Hund' means 'not a dog,' and 'nichts als einen Hund darstellen' means 'to represent nothing but a dog.'

## Synonyms

- Köter: a term used to refer to stray or mongrel dogs.
- Vierbeiner: a term used to refer to animals with four legs.

## Examples

- Mein Hund heißt Max. (My dog's name is Max.)
- Ich werde diese Firma nie wieder betreten, sie behandeln ihre Mitarbeiter wie Hunde. (I'll never step into this company again, they treat their employees like dogs.)
- Er ist wirklich ein treuer Hund. (He's truly a loyal dog.)

Overall, Hund is a versatile word in the German language and can be used in many contexts, ranging from everyday conversations to metaphors.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>