---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: Freiheit
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

- Die Freiheit (feminine noun) refers to the state of being free, unrestricted, or independent.
- Freiheit can also refer to the absence of coercion, oppression, or imprisonment.
- It can denote the power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants without hindrance or restraint.
- In some contexts, Freiheit can symbolize autonomy, self-determination, or the ability to make choices freely.

## Opposites

- Die Unterdrückung (suppression) represents the opposite of Freiheit, signifying the act of holding back or restraining freedom in various forms.
- Die Zwang (coercion) denotes the opposite of freedom, often referring to forcing someone to act against their will or desires.
- Das Eingesperrtsein (imprisonment) serves as a direct antonym for Freiheit, representing the state of being locked up or confined.

## Synonyms

- Die Unabhängigkeit (independence) is a strong synonym for Freiheit, emphasizing the absence of control or influence by others.
- Die Autonomie (autonomy) implies self-governance and the capacity to make decisions without external interference.
- Die Selbstbestimmung (self-determination) closely relates to Freiheit, highlighting the ability to control one's own destiny and make choices based on personal desires and values.

## Examples

1. "Die Freiheit der Meinungsäußerung ist ein grundlegendes Recht in einer demokratischen Gesellschaft."  
   (The freedom of expression is a fundamental right in a democratic society.)

2. "Nach langer Haft war er endlich wieder in Freiheit."  
   (After a long imprisonment, he was finally free again.)

3. "Sie hat die Freiheit, die Karriere zu wählen, die ihr am besten entspricht."  
   (She has the freedom to choose the career that suits her best.)

4. "In diesem Land herrscht Freiheit der Religion, sodass jeder seine Überzeugungen frei ausüben kann."  
   (In this country, there is freedom of religion, allowing everyone to practice their beliefs freely.)

The word "Freiheit" encompasses various aspects of freedom, encompassing personal, political, and social contexts. Its synonyms and opposites further illustrate the multifaceted nature of this concept, showing how it can be understood and expressed in different contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>