---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Straße.png
title: Straße
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary, words]

---

"Straße" is a German noun that means "street" in English. It's a commonly used word in everyday German, and it's important for anyone learning the language as it's an essential part of German vocabulary.

### Definitions
- **Die Straße:** This refers to a road or thoroughfare that is designed for vehicular or pedestrian traffic.
- **Die Nebenstraße:** A side street or a secondary road that's not as busy as the main road.
- **Die Einbahnstraße:** One-way street, which means that all traffic must move in one direction.

### Opposites
- **Der Gehweg:** This is the opposite of "Straße." Der Gehweg means "sidewalk" or "pavement" in English.
- **Die Autobahn:** This is an opposite in terms of size and speed. "Autobahn" means "motorway" or "highway" in English.

### Synonyms
- **Der Weg:** This is a synonym for "Straße" and can be used interchangeably.
- **Die Gasse:** This is another synonym which means an alley, lane, or narrow street that's usually for pedestrians.

### Examples
- Ich wohne in einer ruhigen Straße. (I live on a quiet street.)
- Die Polizei schloss die Straße wegen Bauarbeiten ab. (The police closed the road due to construction work.)
- Geh auf der anderen Straßenseite, um den Laden zu erreichen. (Cross the street to reach the store on the other side.)

In conclusion, "Straße" is an important and commonly used word in the German language. By understanding its definitions, opposites, and synonyms, you'll be well on your way to mastering the language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Straße" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Straße%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>