, and date in yyyy-mm-dd format.

---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Reinheit.png
title: Reinheit
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [words, definitions]
date: 2022-08-20
---

Reinheit, translated as purity or cleanliness, is a word that can refer to both physical and abstract concepts.

**Definitions**

In its physical meaning, Reinheit can refer to the absence of any foreign or unwanted substances in an object, material, or substance. For instance, water that's free of any dirt or impurities can be considered pure or rein. Similarly, purity in metals, such as gold or silver, means free from any other elements.

In its abstract meaning, Reinheit can refer to moral and ethical integrity, i.e., a person or an action is free from any impurities or corruption. It can also refer to the clarity or transparency of a thought, a statement, an argument or a point of view, one without any biases or contradictions.

**Opposites and Synonyms**

The opposite of Reinheit is often referred to as Verschmutzung, the state of being dirty or polluted, both physically and morally. Syonyms for Reinheit include Klarheit (clarity), Sauberkeit (cleanliness) or Unschuld (innocence).

**Examples**

Some examples of Reinheit in use include:

- Ich trinke nur reines Wasser. (I only drink pure water.)
- Der Diamant hat eine Reinheit von 99%. (The diamond has 99% purity.)
- Die Reinheit meiner Gedanken ist der Grund, warum ich bei meiner Entscheidung bleibe. (The purity of my thoughts is the reason I stick to my decision.)
- Nur derjenige, der Reinheit und Ehrlichkeit besitzt, kann wahre Freundschaft aufbauen. (Only the one who possesses purity and honesty can build true friendship.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Reinheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Reinheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>