---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Verboten.png
title: Verboten
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

Verboten is a German word that means "forbidden" in English. It is often used to indicate that an action, behavior, or item is prohibited or not allowed. In a broader sense, Verboten implies something being off-limits or strictly forbidden by law, regulation, or authority.

### Definitions

- Forbidden: The main and literal translation of Verboten is "forbidden." It emphasizes the prohibition or ban on a particular action or behavior.
- Prohibited: Another synonym for Verboten, "prohibited" emphasizes the act of prevention or restriction.
- Banned: This term is often used interchangeably with Verboten and emphasizes a formal or legally enforced prohibition.

### Opposites

- Erlaubt (Allowed): The opposite of Verboten, Erlaubt signifies something that is permitted or allowed.
- Gestattet (Permitted): Similar to Erlaubt, Gestattet refers to something that is sanctioned or authorized and stands in contrast to Verboten.

### Synonyms

- Untersagt (Prohibited): This word is a synonym for Verboten and denotes something that is banned or forbidden.
- Unzulässig (Inadmissible): This term emphasizes something that is not permitted or allowed. It can be used interchangeably with Verboten in various contexts.

### Examples

1. Das Rauchen ist in diesem Restaurant Verboten. (Smoking is forbidden in this restaurant.)
2. Der Zutritt ohne gültigen Ausweis ist Verboten. (Entry without a valid ID is prohibited.)
3. Das Betreten des Geländes außerhalb der Geschäftszeiten ist Verboten. (Entering the premises outside business hours is forbidden.)

Verboten is a powerful word in the German language that signals strict adherence to rules and regulations. It represents the firm limitations put in place to maintain order, safety, and respect within various contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Verboten" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Verboten%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>