---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Leopard.png
categories: [Language]
tags: [german]
title: Leopard

---

Leopard is a German word that refers to a majestic and beautiful large cat found in different parts of the world, including Africa and Asia. What makes leopards so distinctive is their rosette-patterned fur, which helps them blend in with their surroundings while hunting.

### Definitions
- **Leopard** (Noun): A large carnivorous feline with a golden coat and black rosette-like spots.
- **Leopard** (Noun): A powerful and agile predator known for its climbing ability and stealthy hunting tactics.
- **Leopard** (Noun): A symbol of grace, elegance, and stealth in various cultures and mythologies.

### Opposites and Synonyms
- **Opposites**: The opposite of a leopard would be a herbivorous or smaller-sized animal, such as a gazelle or a rabbit.
- **Synonyms**: Panther, Cougar, and Jaguar - these are other big cats that share similar characteristics with leopards.

### Examples
1. "Look at the leopard gracefully moving through the jungle, using its dappled fur to blend with the trees and grass."
2. "The leopard leaped silently from the tree branches and swiftly caught its prey, displaying its incredible hunting skills."
3. "In many cultures, the leopard is considered a symbol of power and beauty, often associated with deities or royalty."

Leopards are fascinating creatures that have inspired awe and admiration for centuries. Their remarkable agility, camouflage abilities, and fierce hunting techniques make them a truly remarkable species in the animal kingdom.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Leopard" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Leopard%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>