---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

Glück is a German word that translates to "luck" or "happiness" in English. It refers to the positive and fortunate events or circumstances that bring joy and contentment to one's life. Glück is often associated with feelings of fulfillment, satisfaction, and well-being.

## Opposites

The opposite of Glück is Unglück, which means "misfortune" or "unhappiness". It represents the negative and unfortunate events or circumstances that can bring sadness and sorrow. While Glück brings joy and contentment, Unglück brings sorrow and discontentment.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms for Glück in the German language. Some commonly used synonyms include:

- Freude (joy)
- Zufriedenheit (satisfaction)
- Wohlgefühl (well-being)
- Erfüllung (fulfillment)
- Heiterkeit (cheerfulness)

## Examples

Here are a few examples of Glück used in sentences:

1. Sie gewann im Lotto und fühlte sich sehr glücklich. (She won the lottery and felt very happy.)
2. Der Ausflug ans Meer brachte ihnen Glück und gute Laune. (The trip to the seaside brought them luck and good spirits.)
3. Durch harte Arbeit und Entschlossenheit erreichte er endlich sein Glück. (Through hard work and determination, he finally achieved his happiness.)

Glück is a treasured state of being that everyone seeks to experience in their lives. It is the ultimate goal that brings fulfillment and satisfaction.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>