---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Lieben.png
title: Lieben
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
"Lieben" is a German verb that means "to love" in English. It expresses deep affection or attachment towards someone or something. It is a strong emotion that can encompass a variety of feelings, from romantic love to platonic love, familial love, or even love for an object or activity.

## Opposites
- Hassen (to hate): While "lieben" represents love, "hassen" represents strong feelings of dislike or hatred towards someone or something.
- Gleichgültig sein (to be indifferent): This phrase represents a lack of feelings or emotion towards someone or something, the opposite of loving them.

## Synonyms
- Mögen (to like): Although not as intense as "lieben," "mögen" expresses a positive sentiment towards someone or something.
- Verlieben (to fall in love): This verb specifically refers to the process of falling in love with someone romantically.

## Examples
- Ich liebe meine Familie. (I love my family.)
- Sie liebt Musik. (She loves music.)
- Du liebst deinen Job. (You love your job.)
- Wir lieben einander seit Jahren. (We have loved each other for years.)

In conclusion, "lieben" represents a profound and intense feeling of affection and attachment towards someone or something. It is the opposite of hate and indifference, and it can be synonymous with liking or falling in romantic love.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Lieben" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Lieben%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>