---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Käse.png
title: Käse
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definitions**

Käse is the German word for cheese. It refers to a dairy product that is made from the curdled milk of cows, goats, sheep or buffalo. Käse comes in many different varieties and can be soft, semi-soft or hard in texture. It is commonly used in cooking and as a topping or ingredient in dishes like pizzas, sandwiches, salads and pasta.

**Opposites**

The opposite of Käse is lactose-free cheese. Lactose-free cheese is a type of cheese made without lactose, which is a type of sugar found in milk. It is suitable for people who are lactose intolerant and cannot digest lactose properly. Unlike Käse, lactose-free cheese may have a slightly different texture and taste.

**Synonyms**

Käse is sometimes also referred to as Milchprodukt, which means dairy product in German. This term is used to describe any type of food product that is made from milk or dairy ingredients. Other synonyms for Käse include Käs, Käserei and Käseplatte.

**Examples**

Some popular types of Käse include:

- Gouda
- Brie
- Camembert
- Cheddar
- Mozzarella

Käse can be used in a variety of dishes like:

- Pizza
- Sandwiches
- Salads
- Casseroles
- Mac and cheese

Whether you like it melted, shredded or sliced, Käse is an essential ingredient in many delicious dishes.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Käse" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Käse%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>