---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glücklich.png
title: "Glücklich"
categories: [German]
tags: [word]
---

## Definition

"Glücklich" is a German adjective that translates to "happy" in English. It is derived from the noun "Glück," which means "luck" or "fortune." The word "glücklich" refers to a state of mind that is characterized by feelings of joy, contentment, and satisfaction.

## Opposites

The opposite of "glücklich" is "unglücklich," which means "unhappy" or "unfortunate." While "glücklich" denotes positive emotions, "unglücklich" represents negative emotions and a lack of satisfaction.

## Synonyms

- Froh: meaning "cheerful" or "glad."
- Zufrieden: meaning "satisfied" or "content."
- Fröhlich: meaning "joyful" or "merry."

## Examples

1. Ich bin sehr glücklich, dass ich den Job bekommen habe. (I'm very happy that I got the job.)
2. Die glücklichen Kinder spielen im Park. (The happy children are playing in the park.)
3. Meine beste Freundin macht mich immer glücklich. (My best friend always makes me happy.)
4. Nach vielen Jahren der Einsamkeit fühle ich mich endlich wieder glücklich. (After many years of loneliness, I finally feel happy again.)

"Glücklich" is a versatile word that encapsulates the positive emotions associated with happiness. Whether it's a result of achieving a goal, being in the company of loved ones, or simply feeling content with life, being "glücklich" is a desired state for many individuals.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glücklich" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glücklich%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>