---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Anblick.png
title: Anblick
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Anblick (noun) is a German word that means "sight" or "view" in English. It refers to the act of seeing or the visual perception of something. Anblick is often used to describe what one sees or takes in through their eyes.

## Opposite

The opposite of Anblick is "Unsichtbarkeit," which translates to "invisibility" in English. While Anblick emphasizes the act of seeing or the visibility of something, Unsichtbarkeit emphasizes the lack of visibility or the inability to be seen.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms of Anblick include:

- Blick ("glance"): This term is used to describe a brief and quick look at something or someone.
- Aussicht ("outlook" or "prospect"): This term refers to the view or panorama that one can see from a particular point or location.
- Schauspiel ("spectacle" or "show"): This term is used to describe a visually impressive or remarkable event or performance.

## Examples

Here are a few examples of how "Anblick" can be used in sentences:

1. Der atemberaubende Anblick des Sonnenuntergangs hinter den Bergen war einfach wundervoll. (The breathtaking sight of the sunset behind the mountains was simply marvelous.)
2. Die eleganten Hochhäuser bieten einen beeindruckenden Anblick in der Großstadt. (The elegant skyscrapers offer an impressive view in the city.)
3. Der Anblick der fröhlichen Kinder im Park zauberte ein Lächeln auf ihr Gesicht. (The sight of the joyful children in the park brought a smile to her face.)
4. Die verfallene Ruine bot einen traurigen Anblick. (The dilapidated ruin provided a sad view.)

Overall, Anblick is a versatile word that enables German speakers to describe and appreciate the diverse visual experiences that surround them. Whether it is a breathtaking sunset, an impressive cityscape, or a joyful scene, Anblick captures the essence of visual perception.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Anblick" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Anblick%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>