---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Apfel

---

**Definition:**

Apfel is the German word for "apple". It is a round, fruit that grows on trees and is usually green, yellow or red in color. Apples are commonly eaten as a healthy snack, used in cooking and baking, or crushed to make juice.

**Opposites:**

The opposite of Apfel is "Nicht-Apfel" which means "not apple" or simply any other fruit that is not an apple.

**Synonyms:**

There are no synonyms for Apfel in German, as it is a unique word used exclusively for the fruit.

**Examples:**

- Ich habe einen grünen Apfel gekauft. (I bought a green apple.)
- Der Apfelbaum blüht im Frühling. (The apple tree blooms in spring.)
- Wir machen Apfelsaft aus frischen Äpfeln. (We make apple juice from fresh apples.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Apfel

---

**DEFINITIONS**

Apfel is the German word for "apple", a fruit that comes in different varieties and colors. It often has a round or oval shape and a stem at the top.

**OPPOSITES**

The opposite of Apfel is not a German word, but it can be thought of as Birne or "pear", another fruit that is similar in shape and texture but has a different taste and flavor.

**SYNONYMS**

Some synonyms for Apfel include:

- Frucht: This means "fruit" in general, and can refer to any kind of fruit, not just apples.
- Obst: This means "fruit" as well, but is more specific to edible fruits that are grown on trees, such as apples, pears, peaches, etc.
- Apfelsine: This means "orange" in German, but it actually has nothing to do with apples. It is called so because it was once believed to be a cross between an orange and an apple.

**EXAMPLES**

- Ich esse einen Apfel zum Frühstück. (I eat an apple for breakfast.)
- Sie hat einen ganzen Korb Äpfel gepflückt. (She has picked a whole basket of apples.)
- Wir machen jeden Herbst Apfelmus aus den reifen Äpfeln. (We make apple sauce every fall from the ripe apples.)

The word Apfel is a basic but important word in German vocabulary, as it refers to a common fruit that is widely grown and consumed in Germany and other parts of the world.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>