---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Schnell is a German word that means ‘fast’ or ‘quickly’. It’s often used to describe how something is done or how someone moves. This word is frequently used in everyday German language.

### Definitions

*Schnell* is often defined as ‘rapid’ or ‘swift’. It’s a common adjective to describe speed or velocity. This word can be used to describe both physical movement and mental process.

### Opposites

The opposite of *schnell* is ‘langsam’ which means ‘slow’. This word can be used to describe anything from a slow-moving vehicle to a sluggish thought process.

### Synonyms

Some synonyms for *schnell* include ‘rasch’, ‘flott’ and ‘zügig’. These words all have a similar meaning to *schnell* and can be used interchangeably.

### Examples

- Das Auto fährt sehr schnell. (The car is driving very fast.)
- Sie konnte schnell eine Lösung finden. (She was able to quickly find a solution.)
- Ich brauche einen schnellen Termin beim Arzt. (I need a quick appointment with the doctor.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell [German]
categories: [language]
tags: [german, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Schnell is a German word that translates to fast or quick. It can be used in various contexts to describe actions or situations that happen with great speed.

**Definitions**

- schnell (adjective): fast, swift, quick
- Schnelligkeit (noun): speed, quickness, swiftness
- schnellstmöglich (adverb): as quickly as possible

**Opposites**

- langsam: slow
- langsamkeit: slowness
- zögerlich: hesitant, tentative, slow-moving

**Synonyms**

- rasch: rapid, hasty
- flink: nimble, fleet-footed
- eilig: urgent, pressing, hurried

**Examples**

- Ich habe einen schnellen Zug erwischt. (I caught a fast train.)
- Er ist ein schneller Läufer. (He is a fast runner.)
- Wir müssen schnell handeln. (We need to act quickly.)
- Das Essen war schnell zubereitet. (The food was quickly prepared.)

In conclusion, schnells are an important part of the German language and are used in everyday communication. By understanding its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples, one can better comprehend and confidently use this word in a variety of contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>