---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Schnell is a German word that means "fast" or "quickly" in English. It is an adjective that describes the speed of something or someone. 

### Definitions

Schnell can be used in many different contexts to describe things that move quickly. For example, a car that is driving fast on the autobahn could be described as "schnell". Likewise, a person who is running at a fast pace would also be described as "schnell". 

### Opposites

The opposite of schnell in German is "langsam", which means "slowly" or "slow". When describing the speed of something or someone, you can use these two words interchangeably to express the opposite meaning.

### Synonyms

There are several synonyms you can use to describe something or someone that is schnell. Some of these include:

- Rasch: which means "prompt"
- Flott: which means "swift"
- Zügig: which means "expeditious"

### Examples

Here are a few examples of how you might use schnell in a sentence:

- Ich muss schnell zur Arbeit fahren. (I have to drive quickly to work.)
- Lauf schnell, sonst verpassen wir den Bus. (Run quickly, or we'll miss the bus.)
- Der Zug ist heute besonders schnell. (The train is particularly fast today.)

Overall, schnell is a versatile word that is commonly used in German to describe speed and quickness.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Language, Vocabulary]
title: Schnell

---

Schnell is a common German word that translates to "fast" or "quickly" in English. This word is often used to describe how something is done or how someone is moving. 

**Opposites:** 

- Langsam (Slow) 
- Langsamkeit (Slowness) 

**Synonyms:** 

- Rasch (Swift)
- Flugs (Promptly)

**Examples:**

- Wir müssen schnell zum zug gehen (We need to get to the train quickly)
- Er spricht schnell (He speaks fast)
- Ich laufe schnell (I run quickly)

Overall, using schnell in German language is very common and useful. It is also important to know the opposite and synonyms if you want to use it in a good sentence structure.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>