.

---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]
title: Wasser

---

**Wasser** is a versatile word in the German language that translates to "water" in English. It's a fundamental element that's essential to life, and it can take on numerous meanings depending on context.

- **Definition**: Wasser is a colorless, transparent, tasteless, and odorless liquid that exists in rivers, lakes, oceans, and other bodies of water on Earth.

- **Opposite**: There aren't any true opposites to Wasser, but some related words in German are "trocken" (dry) and "feucht" (moist).

- **Synonyms**: There are several synonyms for Wasser in German, including "H2O," "Aquamarin," and "Brunnenwasser."

- **Examples**: Here are some examples of how to use Wasser in sentences:

  - Ich trinke jeden Tag viel Wasser, um hydratisiert zu bleiben. (I drink a lot of water every day to stay hydrated.)
  - Die Kinder plantschten im flachen Wasser des Sees. (The kids splashed around in the shallow water of the lake.)
  - Der Arzt empfiehlt, mindestens zwei Liter Wasser pro Tag zu trinken. (The doctor recommends drinking at least two liters of water a day.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
categories: [Language]
tags: [German]
title: Wasser

---

Wasser is a German word for "water". It can be defined as a colorless, transparent, odorless, and tasteless chemical substance that is essential for most forms of life. Water is a universal solvent and the most abundant substance on Earth.

Some synonyms for Wasser include H2O, Aqua, and Hydrat. Its opposite can be considered any substance that is not water, such as oil or alcohol.

Examples of Wasser usage in German sentences:

- Ich trinke viel Wasser, um hydratisiert zu bleiben. (I drink a lot of water to stay hydrated.)
- Das Wasser ist sehr kalt. (The water is very cold.)
- Bitte geben Sie mir eine Flasche Wasser. (Please give me a bottle of water.)
- Das Schwimmbad hat 25 Meter langes Wasserbecken. (The swimming pool has a 25-meter long water basin.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>