layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Regen.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [language, vocabulary, synonyms, definitions, opposites]
title: Regen

Regen is a German word that can be translated as "rain" in English. This word can be used as a noun or a verb and has several definitions, synonyms, and opposites.

**Definitions**
- Rain, a type of precipitation that falls from the sky
- To rain, the act of water falling from the sky
- A heavy downpour, a sudden and intense rainfall
- Drizzle, a light rain with fine drops
- Shower, a brief and heavy rainfall

**Synonyms**
- Nieselregen, a light rain or drizzle
- Platzregen, a heavy downpour or cloudburst
- Schauer, a brief and heavy rainfall

**Opposites**
- Trockenheit, drought, a lack of rain
- Sonnenschein, sunshine, a lack of rain

**Examples**
- Es regnet heute. (It's raining today.)
- Der Regen hat den Boden gewässert. (The rain has watered the ground.)
- Wir brauchen Regen für unsere Pflanzen. (We need rain for our plants.)
- Ich mag den Geruch von frischem Regen. (I like the smell of fresh rain.)
- Es sieht nach Regen aus. (It looks like rain.)

Learning these synonyms, antonyms, and definitions of Regen will help you understand and communicate better in German. So, the next time you encounter this word, you'll be able to appreciate its nuances and use it the right way.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Regen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Regen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>