---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Straße.png
title: Straße
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

### Definition
"Straße" is a German noun that translates to "street" in English. It refers to a public road or thoroughfare in a city or town, intended for vehicles and pedestrians alike. Streets are essential components of urban infrastructures, connecting different areas and facilitating transportation.

### Opposite
The opposite of "Straße" is "Gehweg" (sidewalk). While "Straße" encompasses the area designated for vehicles, "Gehweg" specifically refers to the portion of the street that is intended for pedestrians.

### Synonyms
There are several synonymous terms for "Straße" depending on the regional dialect or context. Some common synonyms include:
- "Allee" (avenue)
- "Gasse" (alley)
- "Weg" (way)

### Examples
Here are a few examples that showcase the usage of "Straße" in different contexts:

1. Ich wohne in einer ruhigen Straße mit vielen Bäumen. (I live on a quiet street with many trees.)
2. Die Bäckerrei befindet sich an der Hauptstraße. (The bakery is located on the main street.)
3. Bitte überqueren Sie die Straße nur an der Fußgängerampel. (Please only cross the street at the pedestrian traffic light.)

Overall, "Straße" is an essential term in German vocabulary, representing the physical infrastructure that promotes mobility and connectivity within urban environments.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Straße" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Straße%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>