---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Scheune.png
title: Scheune
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Scheune** (feminine noun) is a German word that translates to "barn" in English. It refers to a large agricultural building designed to store and protect harvested crops, as well as house livestock and farm equipment. Scheunen are typically made of wood and have a spacious interior with high ceilings to accommodate multiple purposes.

## Opposites

- **Wohnhaus** (n.) - residence, dwelling: In contrast to a Scheune, which is primarily used for agricultural purposes, a Wohnhaus is a residential building designed to provide shelter and living space for individuals or families.

- **Hochhaus** (n.) - high-rise building: Unlike Scheunen, which usually have a single-story construction, Hochhäuser are tall buildings consisting of multiple floors or levels and usually serve commercial or residential purposes in urban areas.

## Synonyms

- **Stall** (m.) - stable: While a Scheune often includes a section for animal husbandry, a Stall is specifically designed to house and protect domesticated animals. It can be a standalone structure or a part of a larger Scheune.

- **Lagerschuppen** (m.) - storage shed: Similar to a Scheune, a Lagerschuppen is an auxiliary building used for storing various items such as tools, machinery, or supplies. However, Lagerschuppen are generally smaller and more focused on storage rather than housing livestock.

## Examples

- Die Scheune auf dem Bauernhof ist voll mit Heu und Stroh. (The barn on the farm is full of hay and straw.)

- Früher wurden in Scheunen oft große Feste gefeiert. (In the past, large celebrations were often held in barns.)

- Nach dem Sturm mussten wir das Scheunentor reparieren. (After the storm, we had to repair the barn door.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Scheune" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Scheune%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>