---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Abschied.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random word]
title: Abschied

---

**Abschied** [Noun]

**Definitions:**

1. Farewell or parting.
2. A formal act or expression of leaving or bidding goodbye.

**Opposites:**

- Begrüßung (greeting)
- Ankunft (arrival)

**Synonyms:**

- Abreise (departure)
- Scheiden (parting)

**Examples:**

1. Nach einem langen Abend voller Erinnerungen und Lachen, kam der schwierige Abschied.
   (After a long evening full of memories and laughter, the difficult farewell came.)

2. Mit einem traurigen Abschiedsgruß verabschiedete sie sich von ihren Freunden.
   (With a sad farewell message, she said goodbye to her friends.)

3. Der Abschied war herzlich und voller Freude, da sie sich bald wiedersehen würden.
   (The parting was warm and full of joy since they would see each other soon.)

4. Nach dem Abschiedsbrief floss eine Träne über ihre Wange.
   (After reading the farewell letter, a tear rolled down her cheek.)

Abschied is a versatile term commonly used in the German language to denote the act of parting or saying goodbye. Whether it's bidding farewell to a friend, leaving a job, or saying goodbye to loved ones, Abschied captures the emotions and essence of the departure. Its synonyms, Abreise and Scheiden, along with its opposites, Begrüßung and Ankunft, further illustrate the various aspects of leaving and arriving.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Abschied" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Abschied%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>