---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kasten.png
title: Kasten
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

*Kasten* is a German word that has multiple meanings, depending on the context it is used in. Some of the definitions, opposites, and synonyms of this word are discussed below:

### Definitions:

- **Box:** Kasten is synonymous with the English word "box." In this context, it refers to a container that is used to store or transport items, such as books, vegetables, or tools.

- **Chest:** Kasten can also mean a chest or a trunk. This usage is often found in historical novels or movies, where the characters travel with their belongings in a Kasten.

- **Filing Cabinet:** In an office or a library, a filing cabinet is called a Kasten in German.

### Opposites:

- **Open:** The opposite of a Kasten is something that is open or exposed. In this context, Kasten can refer to the lid or the door of the box or the chest.

- **Empty:** Kasten can mean something that is filled, so the opposite is something that is empty.

### Synonyms:

- **Schrank:** One of the synonyms of Kasten is "Schrank," which means a cupboard or a wardrobe. Both words are interchangeable in some contexts.

- **Behälter:** Another synonym of Kasten is "Behälter," which means a container. In this context, Kasten can refer to any type of container, such as a jar or a bottle.

### Examples:

- Auf dem Dachboden fand ich einen alten Kasten mit Fotos und Dokumenten meiner Großeltern. (In the attic, I found an old chest with photos and documents of my grandparents.)

- Sie können die Akten in den Kasten einsortieren. (You can file the documents in the filing cabinet.)

- Ich brauche einen Kasten für meine Werkzeuge. (I need a box for my tools.)

- Der Kasten wird geöffnet, um den Inhalt zu inspizieren. (The box is opened to inspect the contents.)

In conclusion, Kasten is a German word with various meanings and usages. It can mean a box, a chest, a filing cabinet, and more. It has opposites, such as open and empty, and synonyms, such as Schrank and Behälter. Using Kasten in different contexts can change its meaning and application.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kasten" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kasten%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>