---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Stuhl
---

**Stuhl** *(masculine noun)* is a German word that translates to "chair" in English. This essential piece of furniture is commonly found in households, offices, and other settings. Here are some definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to the word "Stuhl":

## Definitions

- *(noun)* A seat built with a backrest, designed for one person to sit on.
- *(noun)* A piece of furniture used for sitting at a table, desk, or any other suitable surface.
- *(noun)* A chair or seat used in a symbolic or figurative sense, such as a position or role in a company or organization.

## Opposites

- **Liegen** *(verb)*: to lie down. While sitting on a Stuhl, the opposite action would be to lie down.
- **Boden** *(masculine noun)*: floor. The opposite of sitting on a Stuhl would be to stand or be on the floor.

## Synonyms

- **Sessel** *(masculine noun)*: armchair
- **Hocker** *(masculine noun)*: stool
- **Bank** *(feminine noun)*: bench

## Examples

1. "Er saß auf einem gemütlichen Stuhl und las ein Buch." (He sat on a comfortable chair and read a book.)
2. "In ihrem Büro steht ein ergonomischer Stuhl." (In her office, there is an ergonomic chair.)
3. "Der Vorsitzende nahm auf dem Stuhl Platz und eröffnete die Sitzung." (The chairman took a seat on the chair and opened the meeting.)

In conclusion, the word "Stuhl" refers to a chair in German. It is an essential piece of furniture used for sitting at a table, desk, or in any other appropriate setting. Its opposites include lying down and being on the floor, while synonyms include armchair, stool, and bench.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>