---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hunde.png
title: Hunde
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition

"Hunde" is the German word for "dogs." It refers to the domesticated canines that have been companions to humans for thousands of years. Dogs are known for their loyalty, intelligence, and diverse set of breeds.

### Opposites

While "Hunde" represents dogs in general, its opposite would be "Katzen," meaning "cats." Cats and dogs are often considered opposites due to their different behavior, physical traits, and sometimes conflicting personalities.

### Synonyms

Although "Hunde" is the most common and widely used word for dogs, there are some regional or dialect-specific alternatives. In certain areas, "Köter," "Bello," or "Wauwau" can be used informally as synonyms for dogs.

### Examples

1. Mein Hund heißt Max. (My dog's name is Max.)
2. Ich gehe gerne spazieren und spiele mit Hunden. (I enjoy going for walks and playing with dogs.)
3. Gestern hat der Hund meiner Nachbarin gebellt. (Yesterday, my neighbor's dog barked.)
4. Viele Menschen betrachten Hunde als Familienmitglieder. (Many people consider dogs as family members.)
5. Dieser kleine Welpe ist so niedlich! (This little puppy is so cute!)

"Hunde" represents the beloved and loyal companions that have become an integral part of many households and society in general. Their unconditional love and diverse personalities make them cherished pets and working animals alike.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hunde" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hunde%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>