---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Esel.png
title: Esel (Donkey)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Esel, pronounced as "ay-zel", is a German noun that translates to "donkey" in English. It refers to a domesticated member of the horse family, Equidae, commonly known for its long ears and gray or black fur. Donkeys are often used as working animals in various parts of the world due to their strength and endurance. 

## Opposite

The opposite of Esel (donkey) in German is "Pferd" (horse). While donkeys are known for their endurance and ability to carry heavy loads, horses are recognized for their speed and agility. Unlike donkeys, horses have shorter ears and come in various colors and sizes.

## Synonyms

Synonyms for Esel (donkey) include:

- Maulesel: This term specifically refers to a male donkey that is crossbred with a female horse.
- Maultier: A mule, which is a hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.

## Examples

Here are a few examples of how "Esel" can be used in German sentences:

1. Mein Opa besitzt einen Esel auf seiner Farm. (My grandpa owns a donkey on his farm.)
2. Die Kinder fütterten den Esel im Streichelzoo. (The children fed the donkey at the petting zoo.) 
3. Der Esel trägt schwere Lasten auf seinem Rücken. (The donkey carries heavy loads on its back.) 

Remember, just like in English, "Esel" can also be used figuratively to describe someone who is stubborn or slow-witted.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Esel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Esel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>