---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall.png
title: Zufall
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Zufall** is a German word that translates to "chance" or "randomness" in English. It refers to the occurrence or existence of events or situations that cannot be predicted or planned. The concept of Zufall is closely related to the idea of luck or fate.

## Opposites

The opposite of Zufall is **Planung** (planning) or **Vorhersehbarkeit** (predictability). While Zufall represents the unexpected and unplanned, Planung refers to the process of organizing and preparing for events or situations in advance. Vorhersehbarkeit, on the other hand, denotes the ability to predict or anticipate events with a certain degree of certainty.

## Synonyms

Synonyms for Zufall include:

- F체gung (fortune)
- Gl체ck (luck)
- Schicksal (destiny)

These words highlight the connection between Zufall and the notions of chance and fate.

## Examples

Here are a few examples to illustrate the usage of Zufall in context:

1. "Es war reiner Zufall, dass wir uns am Flughafen getroffen haben." (It was pure chance that we met at the airport.)
2. "Das Ergebnis h채ngt vom Zufall ab." (The outcome depends on chance.)
3. "Ich habe das Buch auf Zufall in der Bibliothek entdeckt." (I stumbled upon the book by chance in the library.)

Zufall is frequently employed in various contexts, including conversations about unexpected encounters, unpredictable outcomes, or random discoveries.

Remember, life is full of Zuf채lle, and sometimes they can bring pleasant surprises or challenging situations. Embracing the uncertainty and unpredictability of Zufall can add excitement and spontaneity to our lives.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>