---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/König.png
title: König (King)
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

König, translated as "king," is a German word used to refer to the ruler or monarch of a kingdom. In historical contexts, it denotes a person who has supreme power and authority over a territory or nation. This term is primarily associated with royalty and has been used throughout German history to describe various monarchs.

## Opposite

The opposite of König is "Untertan" or "subject" in English. While a king possesses authority and is responsible for governing, the subjects are those who are governed and owe loyalty to the king. The king holds power over the subjects, whereas the subjects are subordinate to the king's rule.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for König include "Monarch," "Herrscher," and "Fürst." These terms are also used to refer to a ruler or leader of a kingdom, emphasizing the position of authority and sovereignty held by the individual.

## Examples

Here are a few examples to illustrate the usage of König in different contexts:

1. "Der König regiert das Land und hat das letzte Wort." (The king rules the land and has the final say.)
2. "Die Königin und der König empfingen die Gäste mit großer Pracht." (The queen and the king received the guests with great splendor.)
3. "Der junge Prinz wird eines Tages zum König gekrönt werden." (The young prince will be crowned king one day.)

Overall, the word König refers to a person of highest authority, embodying power, leadership, and sovereignty. Its usage reflects the rich history and cultural significance associated with monarchies in Germany.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="König" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20König%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>