---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Geduld.png
title: Geduld (Patience)
categories: [German "Word of the Day"]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Geduld** is a German noun that translates to "patience" in English. It refers to the ability to remain calm and composed while waiting for something or dealing with challenging situations. Geduld involves a state of endurance and tolerance, allowing individuals to handle delays, difficulties, or tedious processes without becoming frustrated or impulsive.

## Opposites

While Geduld represents patience, its opposite would be **Impulsivität** (impulsiveness). Impulsivität refers to a lack of patience, where individuals act hastily and make decisions quickly without taking the time to consider the consequences or await the appropriate moment.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms that can be used interchangeably with Geduld, including:

- **Ausdauer** (endurance): This synonym emphasizes the ability to persist and remain steadfast in the face of challenges or obstacles.
- **Ruhe** (calmness): Along with patience, Ruhe emphasizes the importance of maintaining composure and tranquility during stressful or prolonged situations.
- **Beharrlichkeit** (perseverance): This synonym highlights the determination and commitment required to maintain patience and keep working towards a goal, even when faced with setbacks or delays.

## Examples

1. Eine gute Geduld zu haben ist wichtig, wenn man im Stau steht. (Having good patience is important when stuck in traffic.)
2. Mein Geduld hat sich ausgezahlt, ich habe endlich den Job bekommen. (My patience paid off, I finally got the job.)
3. Wenn du Geduld hast, wirst du erfolgreich sein. (If you have patience, you will be successful.)

Remember, having Geduld is a valuable virtue that can help navigate various aspects of life, allowing for a more peaceful and composed existence.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Geduld" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Geduld%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>