---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück (Glück)
categories: [German words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

1. **Glück** (noun): The feeling of being fortunate, content, or satisfied with one's life or situation. It is the state of experiencing joy, pleasure, or success. \
   Example: "Das Glück, ihn als Freund zu haben, ist unbezahlbar." (The happiness of having him as a friend is invaluable.)

2. **Glück** (noun): Luck or chance, often based on random events or circumstances. It refers to unexpected and favorable outcomes. \
   Example: "Sie hatte das Glück, im Lotto zu gewinnen." (She had the luck to win the lottery.)

## Opposites

- Unglück (noun): Unhappiness, misfortune, or bad luck.
  - Example: "Nach ihrem Sturz hatte sie viel Unglück." (After her fall, she had a lot of misfortune.)

- Pech (noun): Bad luck or bad fortune.
  - Example: "Er hatte heute viel Pech mit seinem Auto." (He had a lot of bad luck with his car today.)

## Synonyms

1. **Frohsinn** (noun): Cheerfulness or merriment. It refers to a state of being happy and carefree.
   - Example: "Sie verbreitete Frohsinn und Lachen, wohin sie auch ging." (She spread cheerfulness and laughter wherever she went.)

2. **Wonne** (noun): Bliss or delight. It signifies experiencing extreme happiness or joy.
   - Example: "Die Sonnenuntergänge am Strand waren eine Wonne für seine Seele." (The sunsets at the beach were a delight to his soul.)

## Examples

1. "Das Glück meines Lebens ist meine Familie." (The happiness of my life is my family.)
2. "Sie hatten das Glück, einander in dieser großen Stadt zu begegnen." (They had the luck to meet each other in this big city.)
3. "Manchmal muss man seinem Glück auf die Sprünge helfen." (Sometimes you have to give your luck a little push.)

Remember, Glück is a versatile word with various meanings and contexts, depending on its usage in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>