---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Lohn.png
title: Lohn (Wage)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
Lohn is a German word that translates to "wage" in English. It refers to the monetary compensation received for work done or services rendered. Lohn can encompass various forms of payment, including hourly rates, salaries or commissions. It is of significant importance in the employment context and plays a crucial role in determining the value of labor.

## Opposites
The opposite of Lohn is "kostenlos" (free) or "unentgeltlich" (unpaid). Unlike Lohn, these terms indicate the absence of compensation or remuneration for work. While Lohn represents a fair exchange for services, the opposites imply that no payment is received in return.

## Synonyms
There are several synonyms for Lohn in German. These include "Vergütung" (remuneration), "Entlohnung" (compensation), and "Gehalt" (salary). These terms can be used interchangeably to convey the idea of monetary payment for services provided.

## Examples
Here are a few examples using the word Lohn in different contexts:

1. "Der Lohn für ihre harte Arbeit wurde rechtzeitig ausgezahlt." (The wage for her hard work was paid on time.)
2. "Sie haben keinen Lohn erhalten, da sie nur ehrenamtlich tätig sind." (They did not receive any wage as they are only working as volunteers.)
3. "Der höhere Lohn motivierte ihn, noch härter zu arbeiten." (The higher wage motivated him to work even harder.)

Overall, Lohn represents the financial compensation individuals receive for their labor, and its synonyms and opposites help express different aspects of this concept in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Lohn" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Lohn%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>