---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufällig.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Zufällig (Random)
---

# Definition

Zufällig is a German adjective that translates to "random" in English. It is derived from the noun "Zufall" which means "chance" or "coincidence." Zufällig is used to describe something that occurs or happens by chance, without any particular pattern or purpose. 

# Opposite

The opposite of zufällig is "gezielt" which means "intentional" or "targeted." While zufällig describes an occurrence by chance, gezielt refers to something that is done with a specific aim or purpose.

Example: 

Der Gewinner der Lotterie wurde zufällig ausgewählt. (The winner of the lottery was chosen randomly.)

His actions were not zufällig; he had a gezielt plan in mind. (Seine Handlungen waren nicht zufällig; er hatte einen gezielten Plan im Sinn.)

# Synonym

A synonym for zufällig is "willkürlich," which also means "random" or "arbitrary." Willkürlich emphasizes the lack of logic or order in a situation or decision.

Example:

I found a zufällige note on the street. (Ich habe einen zufälligen Schein auf der Straße gefunden.)

The selection process was willkürlich, and many talented individuals were overlooked. (Der Auswahlprozess war willkürlich, und viele talentierte Menschen wurden übersehen.)

So, zufällig is a versatile word used to describe chance occurrences or unpredictable events. It contrasts with gezielt, which pertains to intentional actions or targeted outcomes. Additionally, willkürlich can often be used interchangeably with zufällig to convey the notion of randomness or arbitrariness.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufällig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufällig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>