---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Laufen.png
title: "Laufen"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Definition**
Laufen is a German verb that translates to "to run" in English. It is an action word that describes the act of moving quickly and with the use of legs.

**Opposites**
There are a few opposites or antonyms of laufen, which represent the opposite action or state:

1. **Stehen** - to stand
   Example: Er steht dort, w채hrend ich laufe. (He is standing there while I run.)

2. **Sitzen** - to sit
   Example: Ich laufe zum Busbahnhof, w채hrend meine Freunde sitzen bleiben. (I run to the bus station while my friends stay seated.)

**Synonyms**
There are several synonyms or similar words that can be used interchangeably with laufen:

1. **Joggen** - to jog
   Example: Am Morgen jogge ich gerne im Park. (I like to jog in the park in the morning.)

2. **Renennen** - to sprint
   Example: Er rennt so schnell wie ein Windhund. (He sprints as fast as a greyhound.)

**Examples**
Here are a few examples of sentences using the word "laufen":

1. Ich laufe jeden Tag, um fit zu bleiben. (I run every day to stay fit.)

2. Der Hund l채uft dem Ball hinterher. (The dog runs after the ball.)

3. Das Wasser l채uft schnell den Fluss hinunter. (The water flows quickly down the river.)

Overall, "laufen" is a versatile word used to describe the action of running. It can be used in various contexts, from physical activities to describing the movement of objects or substances.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Laufen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Laufen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>