---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Brille.png
title: Brille
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, example]
---

Brille is a German word that means glasses. It is both a singular and plural noun, and it is commonly used to refer to eyewear with lenses that help people see better. Here are some of the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of the word Brille:

## Definitions

- Brille refers to a pair of glasses with lenses designed to help someone see better.
- Brille can also be used to refer to a monocle, which is a type of single lens eyepiece that is held in place by the eye socket.
- In some contexts, Brille may refer to goggles or protective eyewear, such as those used by construction workers or sports enthusiasts.

## Opposites

- The opposite of Brille is contact lenses, which are small, flexible lenses that are placed directly on the eyes to correct vision problems.
- Another opposite of Brille is perfect vision. Someone with perfect vision may not need glasses at all.

## Synonyms

- Some synonyms of Brille include glasses, spectacles, and shades (although shades typically refer to sunglasses).

## Examples

- Ich brauche eine neue Brille. (I need a new pair of glasses.)
- Die Brille steht dir gut. (The glasses look good on you.)
- Er trägt eine Brille, um besser lesen zu können. (He wears glasses to be able to read better.)
- Der Schwimmer trug eine Schutzbrille. (The swimmer wore goggles for protection.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Brille" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Brille%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>