---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
title: "Stuhl"
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, noun]
---

The word "Stuhl" (chair) is a common German noun and refers to a piece of furniture designed for sitting on. Let's explore some definitions, synonyms, and examples related to this word:

**Definitions:**
- Stuhl: A chair with a backrest for one person to sit on. 
- Sitzgelegenheit: An alternative term for a seat or sitting facility.
- Sessel: A comfortable, upholstered chair often used for relaxation.
- Hocker: A small, backless seat or stool.

**Opposites:**
- Tisch (table): Although not an exact opposite, a table can be considered the counterpart of a chair as it is an essential part of a dining or workspace setup.
- Stehen (stand): Standing is the opposite action to sitting on a chair.

**Synonyms:**
- Bank: A bench or sofa used for seating multiple people.
- Sitz: Another term for seat, which can be used interchangeably with a chair.
- Thron: A throne often used by monarchs and dignitaries.

**Examples:**
1. "Ich setze mich auf den Stuhl am Esstisch." (I sit on the chair at the dining table.)
2. "Der Stuhl ist bequem und hat eine hohe Rückenlehne." (The chair is comfortable and has a high backrest.)
3. "Bitte reichen Sie mir einen Stuhl, damit ich mich setzen kann." (Please pass me a chair so that I can sit down.)

So, "Stuhl" is an important word in German that represents a fundamental object used for sitting.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>