**YAML Post Structure:**

```
---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: Freiheit
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---
```

**Word:** Freiheit

**Definitions:**

The German word Freiheit means "freedom" in English. It refers to the capability or right to act, speak, or think on one's own accord, without being restricted or controlled by outside forces. It is a common concept that is highly prized in modern democratic societies.

**Opposites:**

The opposite of Freiheit is unfreiheit or Unfreiheit. It refers to a lack of freedom or autonomy. Other opposites of Freiheit are captivity, bondage, imprisonment, and slavery.

**Synonyms:**

Several words can be used to describe Freiheit including:

- Autonomie
- Selbstbestimmung
- Eigenverantwortung
- Unabhängigkeit
- Souveränität

**Examples:**

Here are some sentences to show how Freiheit can be used in a sentence:

- Ich habe die Freiheit, zu wählen, was ich möchte. (I have the freedom to choose what I want)
- Die Freiheit der Meinungsäußerung ist ein hohes Gut in der Demokratie. (The freedom of expression is an important value in democracy)
- Das Streben nach Freiheit und Gleichheit war ein wichtiger Teil der französischen Revolution. (The pursuit of freedom and equality was an important part of the French Revolution)
- Viele Menschen kämpfen um ihre Freiheit und Rechte in autoritären Regimen. (Many people fight for their freedom and rights in authoritarian regimes)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>