---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell [German Word]
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]
---

Schnell is a German word that means fast or quick. It can be used to describe various things, such as a person's speed, the time it takes to complete a task, or the pace of a situation. 

**Synonyms**

There are several words that can be used interchangeably with schnell, including:

- Geschwind (swift)
- Rasch (prompt)
- Flinke (nimble)

**Opposites**

On the other hand, when things are slow or not moving as quickly as one desires, one can use the following words as opposites for schnell:

- Langsam (slow)
- Träge (sluggish)
- Schwerfällig (cumbersome)

**Examples**

Here are some examples of how schnell can be used in sentences:

- Ich muss schnell nach Hause gehen. (I have to go home quickly.)
- Der Einkauf sollte schnell erledigt werden. (The shopping should be done quickly.)
- Um das Ziel zu erreichen, musst du schnell handeln. (To reach the target, you need to act quickly.)

In conclusion, Schnell is a useful German word that can come in handy when you want to describe the speed of something or someone. Learning new vocabulary can be fun and exciting, and it can help expand your language skills.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell [German]
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Language Learning, Synonyms, Antonyms, Examples]

---

**Schnell** [ʃnɛl] is a common German word that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It is an adjective that describes something being done or happening at a high speed.

**Antonyms:** Slow (Langsam)

**Synonyms:** 

- Zügig (Swift)
- Rasch (Rapid)
- Flott (Speedy)

**Examples:**

- Ich rannte schnell zum Bahnhof, um den Zug zu erreichen. (I ran quickly to the train station to catch the train.)
- Das Auto ist sehr schnell und kann auf der Autobahn fahren. (The car is very fast and can drive on the highway.)
- Die Katze ist sehr schnell und kann jedem Hund davonlaufen. (The cat is very quick and can outrun any dog.)
- Der Service in diesem Restaurant ist sehr schnell, wir haben unser Essen in nur 10 Minuten erhalten. (The service in this restaurant is very fast, we received our food in just 10 minutes.)

Learning German adjectives like **schnell** can improve your vocabulary and make you better equipped to communicate in a variety of situations. Try using it in different contexts to become more comfortable with the word.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>