---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stern.png
title: Stern (Star)
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definitions

- A "Stern" refers to a celestial body consisting of hot plasma, such as the sun or other distant suns in the universe.
- In astronomy, a "Stern" can also represent a star in a constellation.
- In everyday language, a "Stern" is a symbol or emblem in the shape of a five-pointed star or any star-shaped figure.
- "Stern" can also describe a prominent or outstanding person, often used symbolically to represent fame or excellence.
- In nautical terms, a "Stern" is the rear part of a ship or boat.

## Opposites

- Opposite of "Stern" (star) would be "Dunkelheit" (darkness) or "Nacht" (night).
- In terms of fame or excellence, the opposite of a "Stern" would be an "Unbekannter" (unknown) or "Niemand" (nobody).
- In nautical context, the opposite of "Stern" (rear) would be the "Bug" (bow) of a ship.

## Synonyms

- Synonyms for "Stern" (star) include "Astro" and "Himmelskörper" (celestial body).
- For the symbol or emblem meaning, synonyms for "Stern" would be "Astris" or "Sterndeutung" (astrology).
- To describe a prominent person, synonyms for "Stern" would be "Promi" (celebrity) or "Berühmtheit" (fame).

## Examples

1. Die Welt dreht sich um die Sonne, einem riesigen Stern im Zentrum unseres Sonnensystems. (The world revolves around the sun, a huge star at the center of our solar system.)
2. Gestern Abend konnte ich den Polarstern in der Sternenkonstellation Ursa Major erkennen. (Last night, I could spot the North Star in the constellation Ursa Major.)
3. Das rote Auto mit dem Stern auf der Motorhaube ist ein Symbol für Luxus und Qualität. (The red car with the star on the hood is a symbol of luxury and quality.)
4. Der Schauspieler ist ein großer Stern und macht in jeder Rolle eine exzellente Performance. (The actor is a big star and delivers an excellent performance in every role.)
5. Der Kapitän stand am Bug des Schiffes und beobachtete den Sonnenuntergang vom Bug aus. (The captain stood at the bow of the ship, observing the sunset from the front of the vessel.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stern" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stern%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>