---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freund.png
title: Freund (Friend)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition:
**Freund** (masculine noun) is the German word for "friend." It refers to a person with whom one shares a bond of mutual affection, trust, and support.

## Opposite:
The opposite of **Freund** is **Feind**, which means "enemy" in German. While a friend is someone you trust and have positive feelings towards, an enemy is someone who is hostile or opposed to you.

## Synonyms:
Here are some synonyms for **Freund** in German:

1. **Kumpel:** This is a colloquial term for a friend or buddy. It is often used among peers or in a casual setting.
2. **Kamerad:** This term is commonly used to refer to a friend in a military or team context. It implies a sense of camaraderie and loyalty.
3. **Gefährte:** This word denotes a companion or comrade and is often used to describe a friend who accompanies you during a specific activity or journey.

## Examples:
Here are a few examples illustrating the use of the word **Freund** in different contexts:

1. "Mein bester **Freund** heißt Peter." (My best friend's name is Peter.)
2. "Sie ist seit Jahren meine engste **Freundin**." (She has been my closest female friend for years.)
3. "Kannst du mir bei dieser Aufgabe helfen? Du bist ein **Freund**." (Can you help me with this task? You are a friend.)

Remember, cultivating and maintaining friendships is essential for a fulfilling life. So, reach out to your **Freunde** and let them know how much they mean to you!
\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>