---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Traum.png
title: Traum
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, synonym, opposite, example]

---

**Definition:** 

"Traum" is a German noun and it means a dream in English. It refers to the series of thoughts, images, and sensations that occur in a person's mind during sleep. In German, there are two meanings of the word "Traum", one refers to the subconscious experience, and the other refers to the aspiration.

**Synonym:** 

One of the synonyms of the word "Traum" is "Phantasie", which means fantasy. It is similar to a dream, as it also involves the imagination and creative ideas. 

**Opposite:** 

The opposite of "Traum" is "Realität", which means reality. It represents the state of things as they exist in the real world, without the embellishments of fantasy or imagination.

**Example:** 

- Sie hatte einen wunderschönen Traum letzte Nacht (She had a beautiful dream last night).
- Sein Traum ist es, ein erfolgreiches Unternehmen zu gründen (His dream is to start a successful business).
- Die Realität ist oft anders als der Traum (Reality is often different from the dream). 

In conclusion, "Traum" is a common German word that has two meanings, one refers to the subconscious experience during sleep, and the other refers to the aspiration. Its synonyms and opposites can help to understand the word better, and the examples demonstrate its usage in context.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Traum" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Traum%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>