---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Blau.png
title: Blau (Blue)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Synonyms, Opposites, Examples]
---

Blau is a common German word that translates to "blue" in English. It is used to describe the color of the sky, the ocean, or anything that has a similar hue. Let's explore some of the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to this word.

### Definitions:
1. **Color**: Blau refers to a primary color that falls between green and violet on the visible spectrum.

2. **Emotion**: In German idioms, blau can also mean being drunk or intoxicated.

### Opposites:
1. **Rot (Red)**: Red is the opposite of blue on the color wheel.

2. **Trocken (Dry)**: In the context of being drunk, trocken (dry) is the opposite of being blau (intoxicated).

### Synonyms:
1. **Azurblau (Azure Blue)**: This synonym refers to a bright, light shade of blue resembling the sky on a clear day.

2. **Himmelblau (Sky Blue)**: Himmelblau is a synonym that specifically describes the color of the clear sky during the day.

### Examples:
1. Der Himmel ist heute strahlend blau. (The sky is radiantly blue today.)
2. Seine Augen sind blau wie das Meer. (His eyes are blue like the ocean.)
3. Gestern Abend war er ganz blau und hat komische Sachen gemacht. (Last night he was completely drunk and did funny things.)

Blau is a versatile word in the German language that can describe both color and a state of drunkenness. It has various synonyms and opposite colors, contributing to the richness of the German vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Blau" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Blau%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>