---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Mitgefühl.png
title: Mitgefühl
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Mitgefühl is a German word that translates to "compassion" in English. It is composed of two parts: "mit" meaning "with" and "Gefühl" which means "feeling." Mitgefühl can be described as the ability to understand and share the feelings of others, especially those who are suffering or in need. It is an empathetic response that goes beyond simply feeling sorry for someone, but rather involves actively connecting with their emotions in order to provide support and comfort.

## Opposites

While Mitgefühl represents a deep sense of empathy and understanding, its opposite is often referred to as "Gleichgültigkeit" which means "indifference" or "apathy." Gleichgültigkeit refers to a lack of concern or interest in the emotions and well-being of others. It is the absence of a compassionate response and indicates a disconnection from the sufferings and needs of those around us.

## Synonyms

Mitgefühl can be synonymous with various German words that capture the essence of empathy and compassion. Some common synonyms include:

1. Mitleid - This word represents "pity" or "sympathy" and emphasizes a feeling of sorrow or concern for someone's suffering.
2. Empathie - While an English loanword, "Empathie" is commonly used in German to describe the ability to understand and share the feelings of others, similar to Mitgefühl.
3. Anteilnahme - Translating to "participation" or "involvement," this word encompasses the idea of actively engaging with the emotions and experiences of others, displaying genuine care and support.

## Examples

To better grasp the concept of Mitgefühl, here are a few examples of how it can be used in sentences:

1. **"Sie zeigte wirklich viel Mitgefühl für die Obdachlosen."** (She truly displayed a lot of compassion for the homeless.)
2. **"Ich fühle Mitgefühl für die Opfer dieser Tragödie."** (I feel compassion for the victims of this tragedy.)
3. **"Mitgefühl ist eine wichtige Eigenschaft, um Harmonie in Beziehungen zu schaffen."** (Compassion is an important quality for creating harmony in relationships.)

Mitgefühl is a profound and essential aspect of human connection. It allows us to share the joy, pain, and experiences of others, fostering empathy and understanding in our interactions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Mitgefühl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Mitgefühl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>