---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glaube.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Glaube
---

## Glaube

Glaube is a german noun that can be translated as "faith" or "belief" in English. It refers to the trust or confidence that someone has in someone or something, especially without proof or evidence.

### Definitions

- **Religious belief**: Glaube is often used in the context of religious faith, representing a deep conviction in divine powers or a particular religion.
- **Trust**: Glaube can also describe a general sense of trust or confidence in someone or something, not necessarily related to religious matters.

### Opposites

- **Zweifel**: The opposite of Glaube is Zweifel, meaning "doubt" in English. Zweifel represents the lack of certainty or confidence in someone or something.
- **Unglaube**: Unglaube is another antonym for Glaube, translating to "disbelief" or "unbelief." It signifies the absence of belief or faith in a particular concept or religion.

### Synonyms

- **Vertrauen**: Vertrauen is a synonym of Glaube, meaning "trust" in English. It signifies a firm belief or reliance on someone or something.
- **Überzeugung**: Überzeugung is another synonym that translates to "conviction" or "persuasion." It implies a strong belief based on personal or intellectual reasoning.

### Examples

- **Religious faith**: Der Glaube an Gott ist für viele Menschen von großer Bedeutung. (Faith in God is of great significance for many people.)
- **Trust in a person**: Ich habe großen Glauben in die Fähigkeiten meiner Schwester. (I have great trust in my sister's abilities.)
- **Confidence in a system**: Der Glaube an die Demokratie ist ein wesentlicher Bestandteil unserer Gesellschaft. (Faith in democracy is an essential component of our society.)

Glaube plays a crucial role in shaping personal and societal beliefs. It can be deeply rooted in religious convictions or simply represent a general sense of trust in various aspects of life.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glaube" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glaube%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>