---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [German, synonyms, opposites, examples]

---

Apfel is a German word that translates to apple in English. This nutritious and delicious fruit comes in various colors like red, green, and yellow. 

**Synonyms:**
- Obst
- Kernobst
- Frucht

**Opposites:**
- Birne 
- Banane
- Kiwi

**Examples:**

1. Ich habe heute Morgen einen roten Apfel gegessen. (I ate a red apple this morning.)
2. Es ist wichtig, genügend Obst und Gemüse zu essen, wie zum Beispiel Äpfel. (It is important to eat enough fruits and vegetables, like apples.)
3. Meine Oma backt immer einen Apfelkuchen an meinem Geburtstag. (My grandma always bakes an apple pie on my birthday.)

In conclusion, Apfel is a versatile fruit that can be eaten raw or used in cooking and baking. It is a great source of fiber, vitamins, and antioxidants, and its synonym Obst refers to all types of fruits. The opposite of Apfel include other fruits like Birne (pear), Banane (banana), and Kiwi (kiwi fruit).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel (German)
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]

---

**Apfel** is a German word for "apple". It is a simple word consisting of only five letters, but it has many meanings and synonyms.

One of the synonyms for **Apfel** is "Pommes" which is a French word for apple. Another synonym for **Apfel** is "Frucht" which means fruit in English.

The opposite of **Apfel** is the German word "Birne" which means pear. Another opposite for **Apfel** is "Orangen" which means orange.

In German language, **Apfel** is a very common word used in daily life. For example, "Ich esse einen Apfel" means "I am eating an apple". Another example is "Er hat einen Apfel für mich gekauft" which means "He bought an apple for me".

In addition, there are many phrases and idioms that use the German word **Apfel**, such as "der Apfel fällt nicht weit vom Stamm", which means "the apple doesn't fall far from the tree" in English. This phrase is used to describe how children usually behave like their parents.

Overall, the German word **Apfel** gives us many chances to learn different things about the German language, including synonyms, opposites, and examples of usage.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>