---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall-.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Zufall 
---

## Definition

**Zufall** is a German noun that translates to "randomness" or "chance" in English. It refers to the occurrence of events or outcomes that appear to be governed by no discernible pattern or purpose. 

## Opposite

The opposite of **Zufall** is **Plan**, which means "plan" in English. While **Zufall** describes unplanned or unpredictable occurrences, **Plan** conveys intention and purposefulness.

## Synonyms

- **Zufälligkeit**: This is a synonym for **Zufall** and can be translated as "randomness" or "chance."
- **Unberechenbarkeit**: This word refers to the concept of unpredictability or erratic behavior, which aligns with the idea of **Zufall**.

## Examples

1. Es war reiner **Zufall**, dass ich sie im Supermarkt getroffen habe. (It was pure **chance** that I ran into her at the supermarket.)
2. Der Gewinner des Wettbewerbs wurde per **Zufall** ausgewählt. (The winner of the competition was chosen by **random selection**.)
3. Ich habe einfach einen **Zufallszahlengenerator** benutzt, um den Gewinner zu ermitteln. (I simply used a **random number generator** to determine the winner.)

In everyday life, **Zufall** can be encountered in various situations, from random encounters with acquaintances to unexpected outcomes of events. Embracing the unpredictability of **Zufall** can lead to exciting and surprising experiences.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>