---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
title: Wasser (water)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Definitions, Synonyms, Examples]

---

When it comes to German vocabulary, "Wasser" or "water" is one of the most basic and essential words to learn. It is so ubiquitous that you cannot travel far in Germany without seeing it in some form - a river, a lake, or even just falling from the sky as rain. 

## Definition

"Water" in German is defined as a "klare, farblose, geruchlose Fl端ssigkeit" or "clear, colorless, odorless liquid." This definition is straightforward, and the word "Wasser" is one of the first things Germans learn in their language education.

## Opposites

As with any word, there are opposites, but the word Wasser doesn't have a deliberate opposite. Instead, the opposite may depend on the context. For instance, "das Feuer" (fire) is often used as a natural opposite of water since they have opposite properties.

## Synonyms

There are not many synonyms for Wasser in German. However, depending on the context, one can say "das Nass" to mean wetness, "die Fl端ssigkeit" to describe fluids, or "das Element" to mean element.

## Examples

Here are some sentences where you can see how Wasser is used in context:

- "Ich trinke gerne Wasser mit Zitrone." - "I like to drink water with lemon."
- "Die Blumen m端ssen Wasser bekommen." - "The flowers need to get water."
- "Das Schwimmbad bef端llt sich mit Wasser." - "The swimming pool is filling up with water."

Learning the word Wasser is one of the essential things when you're starting out with German. It opens up the language for more vocabulary and conversations. Whether you're thirsty or hit with a sudden rain shower, this is a word that is worth remembering.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>