---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Angst-.png
title: Angst 
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

**Angst** is a commonly used German word that is typically translated as "fear" or "anxiety" in English. However, it encompasses a broader range of emotions and can refer to both a general feeling of unease or a specific phobia. Angst often involves a sense of impending danger or apprehension about the future.

## Opposites

- **Mut** (courage): Courage is the opposite of Angst. While Angst involves a fear or anxiety, Mut represents bravery and fearlessness.
- **Vertrauen** (trust): Trust is another opposite of Angst. It signifies a feeling of confidence and reliance, whereas Angst is characterized by uncertainty and doubt.

## Synonyms

- **Furcht** (fear): Furcht is a synonym for Angst and carries a similar meaning of being afraid or anxious.
- **Sorge** (worry): Sorge is another word that is synonymous with Angst, often used to express concern or distress.

## Examples

Here are a few examples that demonstrate the usage of Angst:

1. "Sie hat Angst vor Spinnen." (She is afraid of spiders.)
2. "Ich habe Angst, dass ich die Prüfung nicht bestehen werde." (I am anxious that I will not pass the exam.)
3. "Die Angst vor der Dunkelheit ist weit verbreitet." (The fear of darkness is widespread.)

Angst is a versatile word that can be used in various contexts to convey different levels of fear, anxiety, and apprehension.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Angst " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Angst %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>