---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Auto.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: "Auto"
---

**Auto** is a commonly used German word, which translates to "car" in English. It is a masculine noun in the singular form. Let's explore its various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and provide examples to better understand its usage:

## Definitions
- *Auto* (noun): Referring to a motor vehicle designed for transportation on roads, typically with four wheels.

## Opposites
- *Fahrrad* (noun) – bicycle: Contrasting *Auto* with *Fahrrad* refers to the opposite modes of transportation - car and bicycle, respectively.
- *Fußgänger* (noun) – pedestrian: This antonym pairs *Auto*, representing a motorized vehicle, with *Fußgänger*, which denotes a person traveling on foot.

## Synonyms
- *Wagen* (noun) – vehicle: Often used interchangeably with *Auto*, this synonym encompasses a broader range of motorized vehicles beyond cars.

## Examples
Here are a few examples showcasing the usage of *Auto* in different contexts:

1. Ich habe gestern ein neues *Auto* gekauft. (I bought a new car yesterday.)
2. Ich fahre gerne mit dem *Auto*. (I enjoy traveling by car.)
3. Mein *Auto* ist heute Morgen nicht angesprungen. (My car wouldn't start this morning.)
4. Das rote *Auto* gehört meinem Bruder. (The red car belongs to my brother.)

Remember, *Auto* is just one of many German words that may be encountered in everyday conversations or while learning the language. As your vocabulary expands, you'll be able to communicate with more depth and precision in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Auto" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Auto%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>