---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fenster.png
title: Fenster
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, words, definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]
---

Fenster is the German word for window. Windows are an important part of a building's design, as they allow natural light to come in and provide a view of the outside world. Here are some definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of the word Fenster.

### Definitions:
- a transparent opening in a wall or roof that allows light to come in and air to circulate
- a computer graphical user interface element that displays information or options

### Opposites:
- Wand (wall)
- geschlossen (closed)

### Synonyms:
- Scheibe (pane of glass)
- Öffnung (opening)

### Examples:
- Wenn ich morgens aufwache, öffne ich die Fenster, um frische Luft hereinzulassen. (When I wake up in the morning, I open the windows to let in fresh air.)
- Ich klicke auf das Fenster, um das Programm zu schließen. (I click on the window to close the program.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fenster" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fenster%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fenster.png
title: Fenster [German]
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]

---

Fenster is a noun in the German language, which means "window" in English. 

### Synonyms

The synonyms of Fenster are "Fester" and "Lichtöffnung" which means "Opening of light".

### Opposite 

There are no direct opposites of Fenster, but the absence of a window can be expressed as "ohne Fenster."

### Examples

- "Bitte schließen Sie das Fenster" (Please close the window)
- "Ich öffne das Fenster, wenn es zu heiß wird" (I open the window when it gets too hot)
- "Das Haus hat viele Fenster" (The house has many windows)

Fenster is an important part of a building as it allows the entry of light and air into the rooms. It plays a significant role in regulating the temperature and ventilation of a room. The window industry in Germany is highly advanced, and there are various types of windows available, such as sliding windows, casement windows, tilt-and-turn windows, and many more. 

Learning German vocabulary is essential if you want to communicate effectively with native speakers, and Fenster is a word that you would frequently encounter in everyday conversations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fenster" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fenster%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>