---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fliegen.png
title: "Fliegen"
categories: [german-word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition:

"Fliegen" is a German verb that means "to fly" in English. It refers to the act of moving through the air, typically using wings or some form of propulsion. This word can be used to describe both human and animal flight, as well as the movement of objects through the air, such as birds or airplanes.

## Opposites:

- "Landen" (to land): This is the opposite of "fliegen" and refers to the act of coming down from the air and touching the ground.
- "Steigen" (to ascend): While "fliegen" means to move through the air, "steigen" specifically refers to ascending or climbing upwards, either vertically or at an angle.

## Synonyms:

- "Schweben" (to hover): This word is often used to describe the action of staying in one place in the air without moving forward or backward. It is closely related to "fliegen" but emphasizes the lack of motion.
- "Segeln" (to sail): Although primarily used in a nautical context, "segeln" can also be used metaphorically to describe smooth, gliding movement through the air. It implies a certain elegance and grace similar to that of flying.

## Examples:

1. Die Vögel fliegen hoch am Himmel. (The birds are flying high in the sky.)
2. Das Flugzeug wird gleich abfliegen. (The airplane will take off shortly.)
3. Schau, der Papierflieger fliegt weit! (Look, the paper airplane is flying far!)

"Fliegen" is a versatile verb that can be used to describe various forms of flight and movement through the air. Whether it's the soaring of birds, the takeoff of an airplane, or the playfulness of a paper airplane, this word captures the essence of flying in all its forms.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fliegen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fliegen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>