---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
title: Wasser
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions
1. **Wasser** (noun, neuter): Refers to the liquid form of the chemical compound H2O, essential for the existence of most forms of life on Earth.

2. **Wasser** (noun, countable): Also used to denote bodies of water, such as rivers, lakes, and oceans.

## Opposites
- **Trocken** (adjective): Dry
  - *Example sentence:* Nach dem Regen ist der Boden nicht mehr trocken, sondern mit Wasser durchtränkt. (After the rain, the ground is no longer dry but soaked with water.)

- **Wüste** (noun, feminine): Desert
  - *Example sentence:* In Wüsten gibt es oft einen Mangel an Wasser. (Deserts often lack water.)

## Synonyms
- **Flüssigkeit** (noun, feminine): Liquid
  - *Example sentence:* Das Wasser verwandelt sich bei minus zehn Grad Celsius in eine feste Flüssigkeit. (Water turns into a solid liquid at minus ten degrees Celsius.)

- **Aquatisch** (adjective): Aquatic
  - *Example sentence:* Viele Tiere und Pflanzen haben sich an das Leben in einem aquatischen Umfeld angepasst. (Many animals and plants have adapted to life in an aquatic environment.)

## Examples
- **Trinkwasser** (noun, neuter): Drinking water
  - *Example sentence:* In einigen Regionen der Welt haben Menschen keinen Zugang zu sauberem Trinkwasser. (In some regions of the world, people lack access to clean drinking water.)

- **Wasserfall** (noun, masculine): Waterfall
  - *Example sentence:* Der beeindruckende Wasserfall stürzt über die Felskante hinab in einen tiefen Pool. (The impressive waterfall cascades down over the cliff into a deep pool.)

- **Wasserhahn** (noun, masculine): Faucet
  - *Example sentence:* Wir sollten den Wasserhahn zudrehen, wenn wir das Haus verlassen, um Wasserverschwendung zu vermeiden. (We should turn off the faucet when leaving the house to avoid wasting water.)

Remember that water is a vital resource, and its conservation should be a priority for all of us.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>