---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schlüssel.png
title: Schlüssel
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Schlüssel is a German word that translates to "key" in English. It can have several different meanings and uses, both literal and figurative. Let's explore some of the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to this word.

## Definitions:
- A small metal object used to unlock or lock doors, locks, or other devices.
- A tool or instrument used to operate or control machinery or equipment.
- A crucial or essential element that provides access, insight, or understanding.

## Opposites:
- Verschluss (closure): The opposite of a key that locks or unlocks something is a closure that seals or shuts it.
- Einschränkung (restriction): While a key grants access, a restriction prevents or limits it.

## Synonyms:
- Schlüsselpunkt: Referring to a crucial point or aspect.
- Passwort: Translating to "password" in English, it is a synonym when talking about access to digital devices.

## Examples:
1. Der Hausschlüssel öffnet die Haustür. (The house key opens the front door.)
2. Ich habe meinen Autoschlüssel verloren. (I have lost my car key.)
3. Ohne den Schlüssel, können wir das Rätsel nicht entschlüsseln. (Without the key, we cannot decipher the puzzle.)
4. Der Aufzug funktioniert nicht, weil jemand den Schlüssel stecken gelassen hat. (The elevator is not working because someone left the key inserted.)

By understanding the various meanings of Schlüssel, its opposites, synonyms, and examples, one can grasp its diverse usage in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schlüssel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schlüssel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>