---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wunder.png
title: Wunder (Miracle)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, synonym, opposite, example]

---

In the German language, the term "Wunder" is a noun that means a miracle. It is used to describe an extraordinary event, phenomenon, or occurrence that seems inexplicable by natural or scientific laws and is therefore attributed to a divine agency.

**Definition**

A miracle is a phenomenon or event that is a result of divine intervention in the natural world. It is often viewed as a sign of God's power and mercy, and is celebrated as a symbol of hope and faith.

**Synonyms**

- Segen (Blessing)
- Gnade (Grace)
- Zeichen (Sign)

**Opposites**

- Verlust (Loss)
- Missgeschick (Misfortune)
- Pech (Bad luck)

**Examples**

- Die Rettung aus einem brennenden Haus war ein Wunder. (The rescue from a burning house was a miracle.)
- Der Heilige Nikolaus wird oft mit Wundern in Verbindung gebracht. (Saint Nicholas is often associated with miracles.)
- Das Überleben eines schweren Unfalls wird oft als ein Wunder betitelt. (Surviving a serious accident is often referred to as a miracle.) 

In conclusion, the term "Wunder" is a powerful and impactful word that conveys a sense of awe and reverence for unexplainable events. It is a word that has been used throughout history to describe acts of God and other extraordinary happenings, and will continue to be a fundamental part of German culture and language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wunder" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wunder%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>