---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Brücken.png
title: Brücken (Bridges)
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, nouns, transportation]

---

*Bridges*, or **Brücken** in German, are structures that are built to span physical obstacles such as rivers, lakes or any other obstacle. It allows transportation and communication to proceed over or under the obstacle without disturbing it or building at the ground level. 

**Definition:**

A bridge is a structure that consists of a deck, which gives support and facilitates to cross it. The deck rests on abutments and pier on strong foundations. Bridges can be categorized in multiple ways based on a lot of factors like where they are built, how they are built, what kind of material is used, and much more.

**Opposites:**

Although bridges can vary in many ways, there is no actual opposite of a bridge. However, instead of creating bridges to cross over obstacles, we can have tunnels, which are constructs that go under the obstacle instead of above it.

**Synonyms:**

A few similar terms for **Brücken** include:

1. Überführung - an overpass, where a bridge goes over a roadway or train track
2. Viadukt - usually used to describe arched bridges
3. Aquädukt - water (aquatic) supply bridges from ancient and modern times

**Examples:**

- Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, California
- Tower Bridge, London, England
- Charles Bridge, Prague, Czech Republic

To summarize, bridges have been a fundamental part of our transportation infrastructure for centuries; ensuring that we can cross every obstacle safely and efficiently. With multiple variations and types of bridges, we can see just how important they are to our lives, both aesthetically and practically.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Brücken" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Brücken%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>