---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Bäcker.png
title: Bäcker
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Bäcker

*Bäcker* is a German word that refers to a person whose profession is baking. They create various baked goods, such as bread, pastries, cakes, and pies. 

### Definitions

A *Bäcker* is usually trained in one of the following professions:

- Bäcker (baker), who creates products such as bread, pastries, and cakes.
- Konditor (pastry chef), who specializes in making cakes, pastries, and desserts.
- Bäckerei-Fachverkäufer (bakery salesperson), who sells bakery items.

### Opposites

The opposite of a *Bäcker,* someone who makes baked goods, would be someone who does not make baked goods. Additionally, a *Verkäufer (salesperson)* could be considered an opposite of a *Bäcker.*

### Synonyms

*Bäcker* is the most common word used in German to describe a person whose profession is baking. However, some synonyms would include:

- Backer (obsolete)
- Bäckster (regional)
- Kübler (rare, referred to as a person who mixed flour and water to make bread dough)

### Examples

Here are some examples of baked goods that a *Bäcker* might create:

- Brötchen (buns)
- Brot (bread)
- Kuchen (cake)
- Brezel (pretzel)
- Croissant (croissant)

In Germany, there are many *Bäcker* shops, where one can purchase a variety of baked goods. These shops are often open early in the morning and close during the afternoon. It is not uncommon for German households to have a *Bäcker* routine, where they visit the same shop each day to purchase their daily bread.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Bäcker" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Bäcker%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>