---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfelmus.png
title: Apfelmus
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonyms, examples]

---

<!-- Introduction -->
Apfelmus is a German compound word consisting of "Apfel" (apple) and "Mus" (mash or puree). In English, it is usually translated as "apple sauce." Today, we will delve into the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of this tasty German word.

## Definitions

Apfelmus is a sweet and sour sauce-like mixture made by boiling and mashing apples. It can also be seasoned with cinnamon or other spices based on taste. It is usually eaten as a side dish for various meats or as a dessert topping.

## Opposites

As an Opposite, there are two German words that are related to Apfelmus: "Apfelkompott" and "Apfelgelee." 

* "Apfelkompott" is a more of a chunky apple sauce that still has slightly larger but soft chunks of apple in it.
* "Apfelgelee" is a jelly made from apples, which is more transparent and gelatinous.

## Synonyms

There are many synonyms for Apfelmus in various regions of Germany. Here are a few examples: 

* "Apfelbrei" 
* "Apfelpüree"
* "Apfelkraut"
* "Apfelmus mit Stückchen"

## Examples

Here are some examples of how Apfelmus is used in German sentences:

1. Du kannst das Apfelmus als Brotaufstrich benutzen. (You can use the Apfelmus as a spread for your bread.)
2. Dieses Dessert wird mit Apfelmus serviert. (This dessert is served with apple sauce.)
3. Ich mache gerne Apfelmus, wenn ich zu Hause bin. (I like to make apple sauce when I'm at home.)

In conclusion, Apfelmus is a delicious German word that can be used in various dishes for its unique taste. With this post, you have learned its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples. Guten Appetit!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfelmus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfelmus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>