---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hund.png
title: Hund
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Hund** is a German noun that refers to a domesticated carnivorous mammal, also known as a dog. Dogs are loyal and often kept as pets or working animals by humans. They belong to the Canidae family and are descended from wolves. 

## Opposites

The opposite of **Hund**, meaning no dogs, would be **Hundefrei** (dog-free), which indicates an area or establishment where dogs are not allowed. Another opposite could be **Katze** (cat), as dogs and cats are often considered each other's natural opposites.

## Synonyms 

**Hunde** (dogs) can be used as a synonym for **Hund**. However, there are also specific terms for different dog breeds, such as **Schäferhund** (German Shepherd), **Pudel** (Poodle), or **Dackel** (Dachshund), which can be used as synonyms depending on the context.

## Examples

- **Ich habe einen Hund** (I have a dog).
- **Der Hund bellt** (The dog is barking).
- **Mein Hund liebt es, draußen herumzulaufen** (My dog loves to run around outside).

Dogs play various roles in society, including as companions, guides for visually impaired individuals, search and rescue dogs, therapy animals, and police or military working dogs. Their intelligence, loyalty, and ability to form strong bonds with humans have made them one of the most beloved and popular pets around the world.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>