---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [German, Vocabulary]
title: Schnell

---

One of the most common German words is "schnell" which means "fast" in English. This word can be used in different contexts and there are several synonyms and opposites that can be used instead of "schnell".

**Definition**

"Schnell" is an adjective used to describe the speed of an action or movement. It can be used to describe people, animals, vehicles, machines or even actions or processes. For example, "Er rennt schnell" means "He runs fast" or "Das Auto fährt schnell" which means "The car is driving fast".

**Synonyms**

There are several synonyms which can be used instead of "schnell" depending on the context. Some of the most common ones are:

- Rasch: This word is used to describe a quick and efficient action. "Rasch" is often used in business contexts or when referring to processes. Example: "Wir müssen rasch handeln" which means "We have to act quickly".

- Flott: This word is often used to describe a fast and lively action or movement. It can also be used to describe a good looking and fashionable person. Example: "Sie sieht heute sehr flott aus" which means "She looks very stylish today".

- Zügig: This word is used to describe a smooth and steady action. It can also be used to describe a process or a project. Example: "Wir sind zügig mit dem Projekt vorangekommen" which means "We made steady progress with the project".

**Opposites**

The opposite of "schnell" is "langsam" which means "slow" in English. "Langsam" can also be used in different contexts and has several synonyms. Some of the most common ones are:

- Träge: This word is used to describe a slow and sluggish movement or action. It can also be used to describe a lazy or lethargic person. Example: "Er ist heute sehr träge" which means "He is very sluggish today".

- Gemächlich: This word is used to describe a slow and relaxed movement or action. It can also be used to describe a calm or unhurried person. Example: "Wir sind gemächlich spazieren gegangen" which means "We went for a leisurely walk".

- Schleichend: This word is used to describe a slow and gradual movement or process. It can also be used to describe a sneaky or stealthy action. Example: "Der Verlust war schleichend und nicht sofort bemerkbar" which means "The loss was gradual and not immediately noticeable".

In conclusion, "schnell" is a very useful German word that can be used in different contexts to describe the speed of an action or movement. Knowing the synonyms and opposites can help you to expand your vocabulary and communicate more effectively.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>