---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Spiegel.png
title: Spiegel
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, example]

---

Spiegel is a German noun that means mirror. It is a reflective surface that is usually made of glass and can provide a reflection of objects or people. The word Spiegel can be used in different contexts to signify different things.

## Definitions
The following are some definitions or meanings of Spiegel:

- A reflective surface that provides an image of anything placed in front of it
- A glass or metal mirror used for personal grooming or decoration purposes
- A device or equipment used in physics or science experiments for reflecting or changing the direction of light or other waves.

## Opposite
In terms of opposites, the opposite of Spiegel is Dunkelheit, which means darkness. While Spiegel provides images by reflecting light, darkness does not reflect and absorb all light.

## Synonyms
There are several synonyms of Spiegel in German. Some of them include:

- Reflektor: A mirror that reflects light.
- Spiegelbild: A reflection, an image of something seen in a mirror.
- Glas: A glass object or material that can be used as a reflective surface.

## Example
Here's an example of how to use the word Spiegel in a sentence:

Ich schaue in den Spiegel und sehe meine neue Frisur. (I am looking into the mirror and seeing my new hairstyle).

Overall, Spiegel is a versatile word used in different contexts in German. Its meaning could vary depending on the situation, but most times, it signifies a reflective surface or image.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Spiegel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Spiegel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>