---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wort.png
title: Wort (Word)
categories: [language]
tags: [german, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

"Wort" is a noun in the German language. It refers to a sequence of phonemes or letters that carries meaning. Words are the fundamental building blocks for communication. They can convey thoughts, ideas, emotions, and information.

## Opposites

Some possible antonyms or opposites of "Wort" include:

- Schweigen (Silence): When no words are spoken or written, silence prevails.
- Stille (Stillness): The absence of any sound or noise.
- Leere (Emptiness): The state of lacking any substance or content.

## Synonyms

Here are a few synonyms for "Wort":

- Ausdruck (Expression): A word, phrase, or combination of words used to convey meaning.
- Begriff (Term): A specific word or phrase that represents a particular concept or idea.
- Vokabel (Vocabulary): The collection of words or terms that a person knows and uses in a particular language.

## Examples

Some examples of how "Wort" can be used in sentences are:

- "Bitte setze dieses Wort in einen Satz." (Please use this word in a sentence.)
- "Ich kann dieses Wort nicht aussprechen." (I can't pronounce this word.)
- "Das ist ein ungewöhnliches Wort." (That is an unusual word.)

Keep in mind that the usage and context of "Wort" may vary depending on the specific situation. The examples above provide a general understanding of how the word can be applied.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wort" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wort%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>