---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Spinne.png
title: Spinne
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

# Spinne

A **Spinne** is a German word that translates to **spider** in English. Spiders are arachnids, with a body divided into two parts - the cephalothorax and the abdomen. They typically have eight legs and usually possess venom that they use to immobilize their prey.

## Definitions

- A small, eight-legged arthropod that spins webs to catch insects for food.
- A creature that belongs to the class Arachnida.
- A scary creature often associated with Halloween and horror movies.

## Opposites

- The opposite of a **Spinne** would be any non-arachnid creature, such as a mammal or bird.

## Synonyms

- **Spinnentier**
- **Weberknecht**
- **Krabbenspinne**

## Examples

1. Es gibt viele verschiedene Arten von Spinnen in Deutschland. (There are many different types of spiders in Germany.)
2. Eine Spinne hat mir einen Schrecken eingejagt. (A spider scared me.)
3. Die Spinne hat ein kunstvolles Netz gesponnen. (The spider spun an intricate web.)

Spinnen are fascinating creatures that play an important role in controlling the population of insects. However, for some people, encountering a spider can be a cause for fear or discomfort. Despite their creepiness, spiders are an essential part of the ecosystem and contribute to maintaining the balance of nature.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Spinne" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Spinne%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>