---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Traurig.png
title: Traurig
categories: [German]
tags: [word]
---

## Definition

Traurig is a German adjective that translates to "sad" in English. It describes a feeling of sorrow, melancholy, or unhappiness. This word is commonly used to express a state of emotional distress or deep sadness.

## Opposites

1. Fröhlich (Happy): When someone is feeling joyful or cheerful, they can be considered the opposite of being traurig. For example, "Nach dem Gewinn des Wettbewerbs war sie nicht mehr traurig, sondern fröhlich" (After winning the competition, she was no longer sad but happy).

2. Glücklich (Content): Another opposite of traurig is glücklich, which means being content or satisfied. It indicates a state of emotional well-being. For instance, "Nach der Beförderung war er nicht mehr traurig, sondern glücklich" (After the promotion, he was no longer sad but content).

## Synonyms

1. Bedrückt (Oppressed): Similar to traurig, bedrückt signifies feeling downhearted or oppressed. It implies a sense of heaviness or burden. An example sentence could be "Sie fühlte sich nach dem Streit mit ihrer besten Freundin bedrückt und traurig" (After the argument with her best friend, she felt oppressed and sad).

2. Melancholisch (Melancholic): This word describes a deep sadness with a touch of nostalgia or sentimental longing. It emphasizes a reflective and pensive mood. For instance, "Der verregnete Tag erweckte in ihr eine melancholische und traurige Stimmung" (The rainy day evoked a melancholic and sad mood in her).

## Examples

1. "Nach dem Verlust ihres geliebten Haustiers war sie sehr traurig" (After the loss of her beloved pet, she felt very sad).

2. "Die traurige Melodie des Liedes löste bei vielen Zuhörern emotionale Reaktionen aus" (The sad melody of the song triggered emotional responses in many listeners).

In conclusion, traurig is a German word that means "sad" in English. Its opposites include fröhlich (happy) and glücklich (content), while its synonyms consist of bedrückt (oppressed) and melancholisch (melancholic). These examples provide a glimpse into the range of emotions and situations that can be associated with this word.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Traurig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Traurig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>