---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Schnell

---

Schnell is a German word that means "fast" or "quick." It is an adjective that is often used to describe the speed or pace of something. Here are some definitions, opposites, synonyms, and usage examples of this word:

### Definitions:
- Fast or quick in movement or operation.
- Rapid or prompt in action or decision-making.
- Describing something that happens with high speed or efficiency.

### Opposites:
- Langsam (slow)
- Gemächlich (leisurely)
- Verzögert (delayed)

### Synonyms:
- Zügig (swift)
- Geschwind (speedy)
- Rasch (rapid)

### Usage Examples:
1. Der Sportwagen fuhr sehr schnell über die Autobahn. (The sports car drove very fast on the highway.)
2. Die Lieferung war schneller als erwartet. (The delivery was faster than expected.)
3. Er hat ein schnelles Auge und bemerkte sofort die Veränderungen. (He has a quick eye and immediately noticed the changes.)
4. Wir müssen uns beeilen, um den Zug zu erwischen. (We need to hurry to catch the train.)

In conclusion, "schnell" is a versatile German word used to describe speed and quickness. Its opposites are "langsam," "gemächlich," and "verzögert," while synonyms include "zügig," "geschwind," and "rasch." The word can be used in various contexts, from describing the speed of a vehicle to someone's prompt actions or decision-making.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>