---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Luft** is the German word for air. It can refer to the invisible mixture of gases that surrounds the Earth, as well as to the space that air occupies. It is also used in a metaphorical sense to describe a sense of being unburdened, free, and light-hearted.

**Opposites**:

- Schwere Luft (heavy air) - This phrase is often used to describe a feeling of tension, unease, or discomfort. 
- Luftleer (airless) - This word is used to describe a space or place that is lacking in air or breathable gases.

**Synonyms**:

- Atemluft (breathable air) - This word is often used to describe the air that is taken in with each breath.
- Frischluft (fresh air) - This word can be used to describe the outdoor air, or air that has been exchanged and refreshed within a space.

**Examples**:

- Die Luft ist rein. (The air is clean.) - This phrase is used to indicate that a tense or toxic situation has been cleared up and that there is no longer any negative energy present.
- Er braucht Luft und Freiraum. (He needs air and space.) - This phrase can be used to describe someone who requires independence, freedom, or distance in order to thrive.
- Ein Hauch von nichts als Luft und Liebe. (A touch of nothing but air and love.) - This phrase can be used to describe a situation where one is living on very little, or is experiencing a great sense of freedom and joy.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>