---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Mutig.png
title: Mutig [German]
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

"Mutig" is a German word that translates to "brave" or "courageous" in English. It refers to the characteristic of having or showing courage, fearlessness, and the willingness to face difficult or dangerous situations without hesitation.

## Opposite

The opposite of "mutig" would be "feige," which means "cowardly" in English. It denotes someone who lacks courage, is easily frightened, or avoids confronting challenges.

## Synonyms

Here are some synonyms for "mutig," each capturing slightly different nuances of bravery:

- Tapfer: This word also translates to "brave" or "courageous" and is often used to describe someone who exhibits great determination and valor.
- Kühn: "Kühn" means "bold" or "fearless" in English. It conveys the idea of taking risks and boldly facing challenges.
- Unerschrocken: This adjective means "undaunted" or "fearless." It implies a fearlessness that remains steadfast in the face of adversity.

## Examples

Here are a few examples that showcase the usage of "mutig" in different contexts:

1. "Er war mutig genug, um gegen das Unrecht zu kämpfen." (He was brave enough to fight against injustice.)

2. "Trotz der Gefahr ging sie mutig weiter." (Despite the danger, she continued courageously.)

3. "Die mutige Entscheidung brachte ihnen großen Erfolg." (The brave decision brought them great success.)

4. "Nur die Mutigen erreichen ihre Ziele." (Only the courageous ones achieve their goals.)

"Mutig" is a word that encompasses the admirable qualities of bravery and courage in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Mutig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Mutig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>