---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wort.png
title: Wort
categories: [German]
tags: [language]
---

## Definition

Wort (n.) - [German]

A word is a basic unit of language that carries meaning and can be used to express concepts, ideas, and objects. It is a fundamental element of communication and allows us to convey our thoughts, emotions, and needs. In the German language, words are constructed from a combination of letters and can vary in length, complexity, and pronunciation.

## Opposites

1. Schweigen (to be silent)
   - Examples:
     - Er sprach kein Wort. (He didn't utter a word.)
     - Sie hielt ihre Lippen geschlossen und Schweigen. (She kept her lips sealed and was silent.)

2. Stille (silence)
   - Examples:
     - Nach dem Feuerwerk kehrte die Stille ein. (After the fireworks, silence descended.)
     - In der Nacht liegt eine geheimnisvolle Stille. (There is a mysterious silence at night.)

## Synonyms

1. Ausdruck (expression)
   - Examples:
     - Sein Gesichtsausdruck zeigte Überraschung. (His facial expression showed surprise.)
     - Sie verlieh ihren Gedanken mit einem ausdrucksvollen Blick Ausdruck. (She expressed her thoughts with a meaningful look.)

2. Begriff (term)
   - Examples:
     - "Freiheit" ist ein abstrakter Begriff. ("Freedom" is an abstract term.)
     - Es fällt mir schwer, den Begriff "Liebe" zu definieren. (I find it difficult to define the term "love.")

## Examples

1. Wir müssen reden. (We need to talk.)
2. Ich liebe dich. (I love you.)
3. Guten Morgen! (Good morning!)
4. Mein Lieblingswort ist "serendipity". (My favorite word is "serendipity.")

Wortschatz erweitern (Expand vocabulary)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wort" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wort%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>