---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
title: Stuhl (Chair)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

The word "Stuhl" in German refers to a piece of furniture that is commonly used for sitting. Let's explore some of its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples:

## Definitions
- A "Stuhl" is a moveable seat typically consisting of a backrest, four legs, and sometimes armrests. It provides support and comfort for people when they sit.
- In a medical context, "Stuhl" can also refer to stool or feces.

## Opposites
- "Stehend" (standing) is the opposite of "sitzend" (sitting). While a chair promotes a sitting position, standing would be the opposite of using a chair.
- In terms of furniture, the opposite of a chair would be a "Tisch" (table). While chairs are designed for sitting, tables are intended for placing items or working while standing.

## Synonyms
- "Sessel" is a synonym of "Stuhl" and generally refers to an armchair or a more comfortable and upholstered chair.
- Another related term is "Hocker," which refers to a stool or a small seat without a backrest.

## Examples
- "Kannst du mir bitte den Stuhl dort dr端ben bringen?" (Can you please bring me the chair over there?)
- "Er hat einen bequemen Stuhl f端r sein Homeoffice gekauft." (He bought a comfortable chair for his home office.)
- "Der Stuhl hat eine hohe R端ckenlehne, die f端r eine gute Haltung sorgt." (The chair has a high backrest that promotes good posture.)

Remember that "Stuhl" can have multiple meanings depending on the context, so it's always important to consider the context in which the word is used.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>