---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall-.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random word]
title: Zufall 
---

## Zufall

The word "Zufall" in German translates to "coincidence" or "chance" in English. It refers to an event or situation that occurs without any predictable or deliberate intention.

### Definitions

1. **Coincidence**: An occurrence of events that happen by chance and seem to have no apparent connection or explanation.

2. **Chance**: The occurrence of events beyond one's control that may result in a favorable or unfavorable outcome.

### Opposites

1. **Planmäßigkeit**: The opposite of "Zufall" is "Planmäßigkeit" which means "orderliness" or "systematicness." It refers to events or situations that are intentionally organized or planned.

2. **Schicksal**: Another counterpart to "Zufall" is "Schicksal" which means "fate" or "destiny." It signifies events that are predetermined or predestined.

### Synonyms

1. **Glück**: "Glück" means "luck" in English. It represents favorable circumstances or events that occur unexpectedly.

2. **Gelegenheit**: The word "Gelegenheit" can be used as a synonym for "Zufall" and translates to "opportunity" or "occasion" in English. It denotes a situation that arises unpredictably or by chance.

### Examples

1. "Es war ein reiner Zufall, dass wir uns in der gleichen Bar getroffen haben."  
   (_It was a pure coincidence that we ran into each other at the same bar._)

2. "Nur durch Zufall habe ich die verlorene Geldbörse auf dem Gehweg entdeckt."  
   (_I only found the lost wallet on the sidewalk by chance._)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>