---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frühstück.png
categories: [German]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: Frühstück (Breakfast)
---

Frühstück is a common German word that refers to the first meal of the day, commonly known as breakfast. This word is derived from the combination of "früh" meaning "early" and "Stück" meaning "piece" or "portion". Here, we will explore the various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to Frühstück:

**Definitions:**
- Breakfast: Frühstück is primarily used to refer to the morning meal, often consisting of bread, spreads, cereals, fruits, and beverages such as coffee or tea.
- Morning meal: Frühstück can also refer to any meal taken in the morning, regardless of its contents, as long as it satisfies hunger and serves as the first meal of the day.

**Opposites:**
- Abendessen (Dinner): While Frühstück represents the morning meal, Abendessen refers to the evening meal, commonly known as dinner.

**Synonyms:**
- Morgenmahlzeit: This is another term used to describe breakfast in German, which can be translated as "morning meal."

**Examples:**
1. Ich esse immer ein ausgiebiges Frühstück mit frischen Brötchen und Marmelade. (I always have a hearty breakfast with fresh rolls and jam.)
2. Was möchtest du zum Frühstück essen? (What would you like to eat for breakfast?)
3. Meine Lieblingsspeise beim Frühstück ist Müsli mit frischen Beeren. (My favorite dish for breakfast is muesli with fresh berries.)

Understanding and using the word Frühstück correctly is essential for communicating about morning meals in German-speaking countries. Whether you enjoy a light breakfast or indulge in a hearty spread, Frühstück is a fundamental part of starting the day right.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frühstück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frühstück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>