---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zeit.png
title: Zeit (time)
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, words, time]
---

**Zeit** is a common German noun that can be translated into English as "time". It can have several meanings and is used in various contexts.

**Definitions**:

- The passage or duration of time: Die **Zeit** vergeht schnell (Time passes quickly).
- A specific point or moment in time: Wir haben heute Abend viel **Zeit** (We have a lot of time this evening).
- The era or period of history: Die Romanik war eine **Zeit** großer künstlerischer Leistungen (The Romanesque was a time of great artistic achievements).
- A certain time of day: Es ist Zeit zum Abendessen (It's time for dinner).
- The deadline or scheduled time of an appointment: Die **Zeit** der Präsentation ist um 14 Uhr (The presentation's time is at 2 p.m.).

**Opposites and Synonyms**:

The opposite of **Zeit** in German is "keine Zeit" (no time). Synonyms for **Zeit** are "Dauer" (duration), "Moment" (moment), "Epoche" (epoch), "Termin" (appointment).

**Examples:**

- Wir haben eine Woche **Zeit** (We have a week's time).
- Die **Zeit** ist gekommen (The time has come).
- Ich habe keine **Zeit** (I don't have time).
- Es ist höchste **Zeit** (It's high time).
- Er hat den Zug verpasst, weil er nicht auf die **Zeit** geachtet hat (He missed the train because he wasn't paying attention to the time).

In conclusion, **Zeit** is a flexible and multi-functional German word that can be used in many different contexts. It is essential to master this word, particularly for travelers, professionals, and language learners.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zeit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zeit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>