---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frühstück.png
title: Frühstück [Breakfast]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

Frühstück is a German word that translates to "breakfast" in English. It is a combination of two words: "früh," which means "early," and "Stück," which means "piece" or "portion." Together, Frühstück literally means "early piece."

**Definitions:**

1. **The first meal of the day:** Frühstück refers to the meal consumed in the morning, typically after waking up. It usually consists of various food items, such as bread, cereal, eggs, fruits, and beverages like coffee or tea.

**Opposites:**

1. **Abendessen (Dinner):** While Frühstück is the first meal of the day, Abendessen refers to the last meal of the day, which is usually taken in the evening.

2. **Mittagessen (Lunch):** Between Frühstück and Abendessen, Mittagessen denotes the midday meal or lunch.

**Synonyms:**

1. **Morgenmahlzeit:** Another word for breakfast is Morgenmahlzeit, which is formed by combining "Morgen" (morning) and "Mahlzeit" (meal).

**Examples:**

- Ich esse immer ein gesundes Frühstück mit Müsli, Obst und einem Glas Orangensaft. (I always have a healthy breakfast with cereal, fruits, and a glass of orange juice.)

- Heute habe ich zum Frühstück ein Croissant und eine Tasse Kaffee gegessen. (Today, I had a croissant and a cup of coffee for breakfast.)

- Wir treffen uns morgen zum gemeinsamen Frühstück im Café um 8 Uhr. (We will meet tomorrow for a joint breakfast at the café at 8 o'clock.)

Frühstück is an essential meal that provides energy and sets the tone for the day. It is commonly enjoyed with family or friends and is celebrated as a time for relaxation and nourishment before starting the day's activities.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frühstück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frühstück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>