---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Leben.png
title: Leben
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
The German word "Leben" translates to "life" in English. It refers to the state of being alive, experiencing existence, and all the activities, events, and emotions that come with it. It encompasses all aspects of an individual's existence, including personal, social, and professional aspects.

## Opposites
- Tod (death): The opposite of life, representing the cessation of all living functions.
- Stillstand (standstill): Refers to a state of inactivity or lack of progress, contrasting with the dynamic nature of life.
- Kälte (coldness): Signifies the absence of warmth and vitality associated with living beings.

## Synonyms
- Existenz (existence): Represents the state of being and coexisting in the world.
- Dasein (being): Refers to the state of existing and being present in a given moment.

## Examples
1. "Das Leben ist schön." (Life is beautiful.)
2. "Ich führe ein erfülltes Leben." (I lead a fulfilling life.)
3. "Sie genießt das studentische Leben." (She enjoys student life.)
4. "Das Baby hat gerade das Licht der Welt erblickt und das Leben begonnen." (The baby has just come into the world and started life.)

The word "Leben" encompasses the essence of human existence and the multifaceted experiences associated with it. It encapsulates the highs and lows, joys and challenges, and the overall journey of being alive.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Leben" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Leben%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>