---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Words, Definitions, Opposites, Synonyms]
---

Luft is a German word that simply translates to "air" in English. However, this word has various definitions, opposites, and synonyms that are worth exploring.

**Definitions**

Apart from translating to "air," Luft as a noun can also refer to the following things:

- The space above the ground or sea level where we breathe and move.
- A pause or break in speech, music, or action.
- A state of mind that is free from stress or tension.

**Opposites**

Luft has a few antonyms, which are the opposites of its meaning. They include:

- Erde (earth)
- Boden (ground)
- Wasser (water)

**Synonyms**

Luft also has a couple of synonyms, which carry the same or similar meanings as it. These include:

- Atmosphäre (atmosphere)
- Wind (wind)
- Atem (breath)

**Examples**

Here are a few examples of how Luft can be used in sentences:

- Die Luft in den Bergen ist immer frischer als in der Stadt. (The air in the mountains is always fresher than in the city.)
- Der Vortragende machte eine kurze Pause, um Luft zu schnappen. (The speaker took a short break to catch his breath.)
- Nach der Prüfung fühlte ich, dass ich endlich wieder Luft hatte. (After the exam, I felt like I finally had some breathing space.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]

---

**Luft** is a German word that means air. It is a common word used daily especially when describing the atmosphere. Luft is often used to describe the purity or pollution level of the air. It is also used to refer to oxygen when discussing breathing or respiration. 

**Synonyms** of Luft include Atemluft (breathing air), Frischluft (fresh air) and Stickluft (stale air). The opposite of Luft is Luftleere, which means a vacuum or emptiness in the air. 

Here are some examples of how the word Luft can be used in a sentence:

- Der Raum braucht mehr Luft. (The room needs more air.)
- Die Luft in der Stadt ist verschmutzt. (The air in the city is polluted.)
- Ich kann keine Luft mehr bekommen. (I can't breathe anymore.)

Luft is a versatile word in the German language that can be used in several contexts. It is an important word that is essential for daily communication. Anyone learning the language must make sure to know the meaning and context of this word.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>