---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kreuzen.png
title: Kreuzen
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Synonyms, Antonyms, Examples]
---

# Kreuzen

Kreuzen is a German verb that means "to cross" in English. It can refer to physically crossing something or to marking or ticking a box or a cross in a list or on a document. Let's explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples.

## Definitions

1. **To physically cross**: This is the most common meaning of kreuzen. It refers to crossing or traversing a path, road, river, or any other physical space.
   
   - Example: "Wir müssen die Straße kreuzen, um zum Park zu gelangen." (We have to cross the road to get to the park.)

2. **To mark with a cross**: Kreuzen can also mean to mark or tick a box or a cross on a list, survey, or a document to indicate a selection or answer.
   
   - Example: "Bitte kreuzen Sie die richtige Antwort an." (Please mark the correct answer.)

3. **To intersect**: In some contexts, kreuzen can be used to express the concept of intersecting or meeting at a crossroad or junction.
   
   - Example: "Die beiden Flüsse kreuzen sich in der Mitte der Stadt." (The two rivers intersect in the middle of the city.)

## Opposites and Synonyms

- **Opposite**: There is no direct opposite for the verb kreuzen, as it is a specific action related to crossing or marking with a cross. However, in some contexts, the opposite of physically crossing could be *umgehen* (to bypass) or *umfahren* (to go around).

- **Synonyms**: Some synonyms for kreuzen include *überqueren* (to cross), *markieren* (to mark), and *anhaken* (to tick).

## Examples

1. **Physically crossing**:

   - "Bitte nicht die Kreuzung kreuzen, wenn die Ampel rot ist." (Please do not cross the intersection when the traffic light is red.)
   - "Der Wanderweg kreuzt den Fluss mehrmals." (The hiking trail crosses the river several times.)

2. **Marking with a cross**:

   - "Bitte kreuzen Sie Ihren Namen in der Liste an." (Please mark your name on the list with a cross.)
   - "Kreuzen Sie die Option an, die am besten zu Ihnen passt." (Mark the option that suits you best.)

3. **Intersecting**:

   - "Die Autobahn kreuzt die Landstraße an dieser Stelle." (The highway intersects with the country road at this point.)
   - "Die U-Bahn-Linien kreuzen sich am Hauptbahnhof." (The subway lines intersect at the main train station.)

Remember, understanding and practicing words like "kreuzen" will help you improve your German vocabulary and conversational skills.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kreuzen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kreuzen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>