---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufällig.png
title: Zufällig (Random) 
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definitions**

Zufällig is a German word that is commonly used to refer to something that happens randomly or by chance. It is an adjective that can be used to describe unexpected or unplanned occurrences like accidental meetings, unplanned events, or unexpected outcomes. 

Some examples of situations where this word can be used include bumping into an old friend on the street, finding a lost item after giving up the search, or even winning the lottery.

**Opposites**

When it comes to opposites of zufällig, there are a few different directions one could go. One opposite could be 'geplant' (planned) or 'voraussichtlich' (anticipated). In these cases, one could contrast something that was carefully designed or intended with something that happened spontaneously or unexpectedly.

Another opposite could be 'systematisch' (systematic) or 'vorhersehbar' (predictable). In these cases, one might be contrasting something that happened haphazardly or randomly with something that was predicted or structured.

**Synonyms**

There are a number of different synonyms for zufällig that could be used in different contexts. Some of the more common alternates include:

- ungeplant (unplanned)
- unerwartet (unexpected)
- zufallshaft (fortuitous)
- per Zufall (by chance)

**Examples**

To help illustrate the meaning of this word, here are a few examples of how it might be used in conversational German:

- "Ich habe sie zufällig in der Stadt getroffen." (I ran into her randomly in the city.)
- "Ich habe meine Brille auf dem Schreibtisch gefunden, aber ich suchte es nicht – es war zufällig." (I found my glasses on my desk, but I wasn't looking for it – it was random.)
- "Die Entscheidung war zufällig und hatte nichts mit den Fakten zu tun." (The decision was arbitrary and had nothing to do with the facts.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufällig" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufällig%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>