---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

Schnell (adjective) is a German word that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It is commonly used to describe something or someone that moves, acts, or responds swiftly.

## Opposites

1. Langsam - slow
   - Beispiel: Der alte Mann geht langsam, während der Athlet schnell rennt. (The old man walks slowly while the athlete runs fast.)

2. Verlangsamen - to slow down
   - Beispiel: Bitte verlangsamen Sie Ihre Geschwindigkeit in der Schulezone. (Please slow down your speed in the school zone.)

## Synonyms

1. Rasch - rapid
   - Beispiel: Die Feuerwehr reagierte rasch auf den Brand und verhinderte größeren Schaden. (The fire brigade responded rapidly to the fire and prevented major damage.)

2. Flott - swift
   - Beispiel: Komm, sei flott! Wir müssen den Zug erreichen. (Come on, be swift! We need to catch the train.)

## Examples

1. Ich war spät dran, also musste ich schnell laufen, um den Bus zu erwischen. (I was running late, so I had to run fast to catch the bus.)

2. Das Auto beschleunigte schnell und erreichte eine hohe Geschwindigkeit auf der Autobahn. (The car accelerated quickly and reached a high speed on the highway.)

3. Der Koch bereitete das Essen schnell zu, sodass die Gäste nicht lange warten mussten. (The cook prepared the food quickly so that the guests didn't have to wait long.)

4. Die Kinder sind schnell gewachsen und ihre Kleidung passt nicht mehr. (The children have grown fast, and their clothes no longer fit.)

5. Sie konnte die Aufgabe schnell erledigen, da sie bereits Erfahrung damit hatte. (She was able to complete the task quickly, as she had previous experience with it.)

Schnell is a versatile word in German, allowing us to express the concept of speed or quickness in various contexts. Whether describing movement, actions, or reactions, understanding the various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of this word can enhance our language proficiency and communication skills in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>