---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Arm.png
title: Arm
categories: [German Words]
tags: [opposites, definitions, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

"Arm" is a German word that translates to "arm" in English. It refers to the long limb of the human body that extends from the shoulder to the hand. It is used for various purposes, such as gestures, holding objects, and physical movements.

## Opposite

The opposite of "arm" in German is "Bein," which means "leg" in English. While the arm is located on the upper part of the body, the leg is found on the lower part.

## Synonyms

- "Flossen": colloquial term for arms, mainly used in a playful or casual context.
- "Oberarm": specifically refers to the upper part of the arm, from the shoulder to the elbow.
- "Unterarm": specifically refers to the lower part of the arm, from the elbow to the wrist.

## Examples

1. Er hob seinen Arm, um auf sich aufmerksam zu machen. (He lifted his arm to get attention.)
2. Sie umarmte ihren Freund herzlich. (She hugged her friend tightly.)
3. Ich kann mich nicht bewegen, mein Arm tut so weh! (I can't move, my arm hurts so much!)
4. Der Künstler zeichnete die Skulptur mit geschickten Armen. (The artist sculpted the sculpture with skillful arms.)
5. Vorsichtig legte sie das Baby in ihre schützenden Arme. (She gently placed the baby in her protective arms.)

The word "arm" in German has multiple meanings and usages, reflecting its importance and versatility in our daily lives.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Arm" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Arm%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>