---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hoffnung.png
title: Hoffnung
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Definition:**

Hoffnung (noun) is a German word that translates to "hope" in English. It refers to the feeling of optimism and the belief that something positive will happen or circumstances will improve in the future. Hoffnung is often associated with anticipation, trust, and aspiration.

**Opposites:**

1. Verzweiflung (despair): This term represents the complete absence or loss of hope.
2. Resignation (resignation): Unlike Hoffnung, resignation refers to giving up hope or accepting a negative outcome.

**Synonyms:**

1. Zuversicht (confidence): Similar to Hoffnung, Zuversicht denotes a positive and confident outlook on future events.
2. Erwartung (expectation): This word suggests the hopeful anticipation or belief in the occurrence of a certain outcome.

**Examples:**

1. Nach dem langen Winter hegt Peter Hoffnung auf einen sonnigen Fr체hling. (After the long winter, Peter has hope for a sunny spring.)
2. Trotz der R체ckschl채ge beh채lt sie ihre Hoffnung auf ein erfolgreiches Projekt. (Despite setbacks, she maintains her hope for a successful project.)
3. Die Studenten haben die Hoffnung, dass ihre harte Arbeit mit guten Noten belohnt wird. (The students have hope that their hard work will be rewarded with good grades.)

Hoffnung is a powerful and indispensable emotion that helps individuals navigate challenging situations and find optimism in life. It motivates people to persevere, dream, and strive for a better future.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hoffnung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hoffnung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>