---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [Language]
tags: [german]
title: Schnell

---

Schnell

### Definition

"Schnell" is a German adjective that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It describes the speed or pace of a person, object, or action.

### Opposites

- **Langsam**: slow
- **Gemächlich**: leisurely
- **Verzögert**: delayed

### Synonyms

- **Rasch**: rapid
- **Eilig**: hasty
- **Flott**: speedy

### Examples

1. "Er lief schnell, um den Bus zu erwischen." (He ran quickly to catch the bus.)
2. "Das Auto fuhr viel zu schnell auf der Autobahn." (The car was driving way too fast on the highway.)
3. "Arbeite schnell, damit wir rechtzeitig fertig werden!" (Work quickly so that we can finish on time!)
4. "Er reagierte schnell auf die Nachricht und nahm sofort Kontakt auf." (He responded quickly to the message and immediately made contact.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [German]
tags: [random word]
title: Schnell
---

The random German word for this post is "Schnell."

### Definition

"Schnell" is an adjective that means fast or quick. It describes something that moves or occurs with great speed. This word is commonly used to express the rapidity of an action or the high speed of an object.

### Opposites

The opposite of "schnell" is "langsam," which means slow. If something is not fast or quick, it is the opposite of "schnell."

### Synonyms

Some synonyms for "schnell" include:

- Rasch: This word also means fast or quick and can be used interchangeably with "schnell."
- Flott: It is another adjective used to describe something that is fast or quick.

### Examples

Here are a few examples that illustrate the usage of "schnell":

1. Der Marathonläufer rennt schnell die Straße entlang. (The marathon runner runs quickly along the street.)
2. Das Auto beschleunigt schnell, wenn ich das Gaspedal drücke. (The car accelerates fast when I push the gas pedal.)
3. Bitte beeil dich, wir müssen schnell zum Bahnhof, um den Zug zu erwischen. (Please hurry, we need to quickly get to the train station to catch the train.)

Remember, "schnell" describes the quality of being fast or quick, and it has various synonyms and an opposite to express the opposite meaning.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>