```
---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, words, definition, synonym, opposite]
---

Schnell is a German word that means "fast" or "quick". It can be used to describe the speed or pace of something or someone. Let's explore some of its definitions, opposites, synonyms and examples:

## Definitions
- schnell: fast, quick

## Opposites
- langsam: slow
- gemächlich: leisurely

## Synonyms
- rasch: quick, rapid
- flink: quick, nimble

## Examples
- Der Zug ist sehr schnell. (The train is very fast.)
- Sie sind sehr schnell gelaufen. (They ran very quickly.)
- Das Auto fährt schneller als das Fahrrad. (The car goes faster than the bike.)

In everyday German conversation, schnell is a common word that you'll hear often. Knowing its opposites and synonyms can help you better understand German conversations and express yourself more fluently.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Synonyms, Opposites]

---

*Schnell* is a German word that means fast. It can be used to describe movements, actions, or processes that happen quickly. 

## Opposites

- *Langsam* is the opposite of *schnell*. It means slow. For example: "Der Zug fährt sehr **langsam**" (The train is moving very slowly).

## Synonyms

- *Rasch* and *zügig* are synonyms of *schnell* and are often used interchangeably. For example: "Er antwortete sehr **rasch** auf meine E-Mail" (He responded very quickly to my email).

## Examples

Some common examples of *schnell* in use include:

- "Wir müssen **schnell** handeln" (We have to act fast)
- "Ich laufe **schnell** zur Bushaltestelle" (I am running quickly to the bus stop)
- "Das Essen war **schnell** fertig" (The food was ready quickly)

In everyday conversations, *schnell* is a common word that comes up frequently. Paying attention to its synonyms and opposites can help you better understand its meaning and use it more effectively.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Schnell is a German word that means fast or quick. It is an adjective that describes a high pace or velocity. There are many synonyms and opposites to the term schnell. 

Some synonyms for schnell are rasch, zügig, flott, and hurtig. These words are all similar to schnell and can be used in similar contexts. For example, "Ich bin schnell gelaufen" can also be written as "Ich bin rasch gelaufen".

Some opposites for schnell are langsam, gemächlich, behäbig, and träge. These words describe a slow pace or lack of movement. For instance, "Ich bin schnell gelaufen" can also be written as "Ich bin langsam gelaufen".

An example sentence using schnell would be, "Der Läufer rennt schnell zur Ziellinie" (The runner runs fast to the finish line). Another example sentence using opposites would be, "Die Schildkröte bewegt sich langsam durch den Garten" (The turtle moves slowly through the garden).

Overall, schnell is a useful and versatile word in the German language. It has many synonyms and opposites that can help you to express movement and pace in different ways.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>