---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stadt.png
title: "Stadt [noun]"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Stadt is a German noun that translates to "city" in English. It refers to a large, organized settlement where a significant number of people live and work. Unlike smaller towns or villages, a Stadt usually has a well-developed infrastructure, a diverse range of economic activities, and a high population density.

## Opposite

The opposite of Stadt is Dorf, which means "village." While a Stadt embodies the characteristics of urbanity, a Dorf represents a smaller rural settlement with a closer-knit community and fewer amenities.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for Stadt include:

- Großstadt: This term specifically refers to a large city or metropolitan area.
- Metropole: Metropole is often used to describe a major city that functions as a center of economic, cultural, and political influence.
- Hauptstadt: This term is used to refer to the capital city of a country or region.

## Examples
Here are a few examples of how "Stadt" can be used in sentences:

1. Ich wohne in einer kleinen Stadt in der Nähe von Berlin. (I live in a small city near Berlin.)
2. Mein Bruder arbeitet in einer Großstadt als Architekt. (My brother works as an architect in a big city.)
3. Hamburg ist eine berühmte Hafenstadt in Deutschland. (Hamburg is a famous port city in Germany.)

In conclusion, Stadt is a versatile German word that signifies an urban settlement and is often used to describe cities, from small to large, across Germany and beyond.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stadt" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stadt%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>