---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zusammen.png
title: Zusammen
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german]
---
## Zusammen

**Definition:** Zusammen is a German word that translates to "together" or "in unison" in English. It is used to express the idea of things or people being in close proximity or acting in coordination with each other.

**Opposite:** The opposite of zusammen is "getrennt," which means "separated" or "apart." This word highlights the contrast between being together as a unified group and being physically or emotionally distant from each other.

**Synonyms:** Some synonyms for zusammen include "gemeinsam" (together), "vereint" (united), and "kollektiv" (collective). These words convey a similar sense of unity, cooperation, or collaboration.

**Examples:**
- Wir sind zusammen in dasselbe Team eingeteilt. (We are assigned to the same team.)
- Lass uns zusammen arbeiten, um das Projekt abzuschließen. (Let's work together to complete the project.)
- Die Familie isst jeden Sonntag zusammen zu Abend. (The family eats dinner together every Sunday.)
- Durch das Feiern von Erfolgen fühlen sich die Mitarbeiter zusammen motiviert. (Celebrating achievements helps keep the employees motivated together.)

In conclusion, zusammen is a versatile German word that represents the concept of togetherness, coordination, and unity. Whether used to describe physical proximity, teamwork, or shared experiences, it encapsulates the idea of people or things acting in harmony. Its opposite, getrennt, emphasizes the importance of recognizing separation or distance.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zusammen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zusammen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>