---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Angst.png
title: Angst
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Angst** [n.f.] (Fear, Anxiety)

*Definition:*
Angst is a German noun that refers to a feeling of fear or anxiety. This word is commonly used to describe a strong emotion related to a perceived threat or danger. Angst could stem from various factors such as personal experiences, uncertain situations, or phobias. It is an intense distressing emotion that can manifest both mentally and physically.

*Opposite:*
The opposite of Angst can be considered Mut (courage) or Zuversicht (confidence). These words represent the absence of fear or anxiety and indicate a state of composure and bravery. Unlike Angst, they convey a positive outlook and an optimistic attitude towards challenging situations.

*Synonyms:*
In German, synonyms for Angst may include Furcht (fear), Sorge (worry), or Ängstlichkeit (nervousness). These words can be used interchangeably to convey similar emotions of apprehension or unease.

*Examples:*
Here are some examples to understand the usage of Angst in different contexts:

1. Ich habe große Angst vor der Dunkelheit. (I have a great fear of darkness.)
2. Ihre Angst vor Spinnen ist irrational. (Her fear of spiders is irrational.)
3. Die Prüfungsangst beeinflusst seine Leistung. (Exam anxiety is affecting his performance.)
4. Er hat Angst, allein zu reisen. (He is afraid to travel alone.)

Remember that Angst is a powerful emotion that can vary in intensity and impact from person to person. It is important to address and manage Angst in a healthy manner to maintain overall well-being.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Angst" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Angst%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>