---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft

categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Luft is a German word that translates to air in English. This small word has multiple meanings and is used in various ways in the German language.

**Definitions**

The primary meaning of Luft is 'the mixture of gases comprising the Earth's atmosphere.' However, it can also be used to describe the air inside a building or a room.

**Opposites**

The opposite or antonym for Luft is the word stick, which means to attach or adhere. The opposite of the air is something solid or immovable.

**Synonyms**

Some of the synonyms for Luft include atmosphere, breeze, wind, and breath. These words describe other aspects of the air and can be used interchangeably.

**Examples**

Here are a few examples of how Luft is used in everyday language:

- Die Luft in diesem Raum ist sehr stickig. (The air in this room is very stuffy.)
- Ich brauche frische Luft. (I need fresh air.)
- Die Luft riecht nach Blumen. (The air smells like flowers.)
- Das Flugzeug steigt in die Luft. (The airplane takes off into the air.)

Luft is a versatile word that can be used to describe something as simple as the air we breathe or something as complex as the Earth's atmosphere. It is a common word that you are sure to encounter when speaking or reading German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Luft.png
title: Luft
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Luft is a German word that translates to air in English. This word has several meanings and is used in various contexts.

**Definitions:**

In its literal sense, Luft means the mixture of gases that make up the earth's atmosphere. This is the most common meaning of the word.

In a figurative sense, Luft can refer to the feeling of freedom or the sense of space in a place. For example, "Hier gibt es genug Luft zum Atmen," which means "There is enough air to breathe here" but can also imply an abundance of space.

**Opposites:**

The opposite of Luft is Enge which means tightness or cramped space. For example, "Hier herrscht eine beengte Atmosphäre," which means "There is a cramped atmosphere here."

**Synonyms:**

Synonyms of Luft include Atemluft (breathable air), Frischluft (fresh air), or Luftzug (draft). 

**Examples:**

- Ich öffnete das Fenster, um frische Luft hereinzulassen. (I opened the window to let fresh air in.)

- Die Luft am Strand ist so rein und klar. (The air at the beach is so pure and clear.)

- In dieser stickigen, engen Küche kann man kaum Luft holen. (In this stuffy, cramped kitchen, you can hardly breathe.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Luft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Luft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>