---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tanz.png
title: Tanz
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]
---

**Tanz** is a German word that refers to the activity of dancing. It is a form of art, culture, and movement that is revered all over the world. Let's learn more about this word and its definitions, opposites, and synonyms below.

**Definitions:** Tanz can be defined as a form of expression through body movement, usually done to music. It is often associated with traditional or modern art and is performed in a variety of settings, including dance parties, cultural events, and performances. Dance can also be described as a way of socializing or communicating through body language.

**Opposites:** In terms of opposites, the word **Stillstand** (inactivity) would be an antonym to Tanz, as it means the opposite of movement or activity.

**Synonyms:** Some synonyms for Tanz include **Tanzen** (the verb form of the word), **Tänzerin** (a female dancer), **Ballett** (ballet), **Stepptanz** (tap dance), and **Hip-Hop-Tanz** (hip-hop dance).

**Examples:** Some popular Tanz styles include the waltz, cha-cha, salsa, tango, and contemporary dance. Examples of famous dancers include Rudolf Nureyev, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Fred Astaire, and Ginger Rogers. Tanz is also a big part of cultural celebrations, with traditional dances performed at festivals and events all over the world.

Overall, Tanz is an important part of human expression and culture. It is a beautiful art form that brings people together and creates a unique experience that can be enjoyed by all.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tanz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tanz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>