---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Emotions]

---

**Glück** is a German word that means luck, fortune or happiness. It is a broad concept that embodies different emotions and feelings from satisfaction to exhilaration. People may experience Glück in different situations and circumstances such as winning the lottery, getting a promotion, falling in love, or spending time with friends and family.

**Opposites and Synonyms**

The antonym of **Glück** is **Unglück** which means misfortune or bad luck. There are several words that can be used as synonyms for **Glück** such as Freude (joy), Zufriedenheit (contentment), Erfolg (success), and Wohlstand (prosperity).

**Examples**

- Es war ein Glückstag für mich, ich habe den Job bekommen. (It was a lucky day for me, I got the job.)
- Ich bin glücklich, weil ich meine Familie besuche. (I'm happy because I'm visiting my family.)
- Er hat das Glück herausgefordert und alles beim Pokerspiel verloren. (He challenged luck and lost everything in the poker game.)
- Das Glück ist nicht auf unserer Seite, es regnet den ganzen Tag. (Luck is not on our side, it's raining all day.)
- Ich wünsche dir Glück und Erfolg in deinem neuen Job. (I wish you luck and success in your new job.)

In conclusion, the word **Glück** can mean different things to different people. It is a subjective and relative concept that depends on one's perception and experiences. However, whatever the meaning, everyone wants to have some **Glück** in their life.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>