---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kleidung.png
title: "Kleidung"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Kleidung (noun) refers to clothing in the German language. It encompasses all types of garments, including shirts, pants, dresses, and accessories such as hats, scarves, and belts. Kleidung is an essential part of human expression and plays a significant role in various social and cultural contexts.

## Opposites

- Nackt (adjective) - meaning naked or undressed. It represents the absence of clothing.
- Oben ohne (phrase) - literally translates to "above without," referring to being topless or without an upper garment.

## Synonyms

- Anziehsachen (noun) - alternative term for clothing, commonly used in everyday conversations.
- Gewand (noun) - a more formal synonym for clothing, often used in literary or poetic contexts.

## Examples

Here are a few examples demonstrating the usage of the word Kleidung:

1. "Ich habe meine Kleidung f체r die Party ausgew채hlt." (I have chosen my clothes for the party.)
2. "Die Kleidung in diesem Gesch채ft ist sehr modisch." (The clothing in this store is very fashionable.)
3. "Er hat sich f체r elegante Kleidung entschieden." (He opted for elegant attire.)

Kleidung not only serves the purpose of covering and protecting the body, but it also reflects personal style, cultural traditions, and societal norms. The term encompasses a wide range of garments and accessories, making it an integral part of our daily lives.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kleidung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kleidung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>