---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stern.png
title: Stern (Star)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Stern, translated to English as "star," is a beautiful and versatile German word with a range of meanings, synonyms, and opposite words. Here are three ways to interpret the word and some examples to highlight its different connotations:

## Definitions

Stern can refer to a range of celestial bodies, including planets, comets, and of course, stars. It is also used to describe a six-pointed star (the Star of David) or a pentagram.

*Example:* Der Himmel war klar und wir konnten alle Sterne sehen. (The sky was clear and we could see all the stars.) 

## Opposites

When taken as a symbol of good fortune or excellence, "stern" has positive connotations. But, when used as an adjective to describe a person, the word can be synonymous with unfriendly or unsmiling. The opposite of stern in this sense would be friendly, kind, or gentle.

*Example:* Mein Lehrer war auf der einen Seite streng, aber auch sehr lächelnd. (My teacher was strict on the one hand, but also very smiley.)

## Synonyms

Stern has several synonyms, including Himmelskörper, Planet, Gestirn, and Himmelslicht. One of its most common uses is as an adjective in compounds such as Sternzeichen (star sign) or Sternenhimmel (starry skies).

*Example:* Das Sternzeichen Waage symbolisiert Liebe, Schönheit, Harmonie und Gerechtigkeit. (The star sign of Libra symbolizes love, beauty, harmony, and justice.)

Overall, Stern is a multifaceted German word with various definitions, opposites, and synonyms. Whether you're gazing at stars in the sky or discussing a strict teacher or boss, this word has plenty of uses and nuances to explore.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stern" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stern%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>