layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall.png
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, words]
title: Zufall

Zufall is a German word for "chance" or "randomness" in English. It is related to the verb "fallen" which means "to fall". Zufall is often used in a similar sense as the English word "coincidence".

Some synonyms for Zufall include Gl端ck, Schicksal, and F端gung. Gl端ck refers more specifically to good luck or fortune, while Schicksal is a stronger term that refers to fate or destiny. F端gung can be translated as "providence", but also has a sense of natural order or plan.

Opposites of Zufall include Vorherbestimmung (predetermination), Planung (planning), and Absicht (intention). Vorherbestimmung implies a lack of free will or choice, while Planung and Absicht both suggest deliberate and purposeful action.

Some examples of Zufall in use might include:

- Durch Zufall haben wir uns in der Bibliothek getroffen. (We met in the library by chance.)
- Ich habe den Job nicht geplant, er ist eher ein Zufall. (I didn't plan the job, it's more of a coincidence.)
- Es war kein Zufall, dass sie sich auf der Party getroffen haben. (It was no coincidence that they met at the party.)

Zufall is a versatile and important word in German, used in a wide range of contexts to describe the unpredictable and unexpected aspects of life.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>