---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Computer.png
title: Computer [noun]
categories: [Language]
tags: [german, vocabulary, nouns]
---

Computer is a well-known term in the German language. Although it originated from the English language, it is widely used and recognized by Germans. 

**Definition:**

Computer is a masculine noun and it refers to an electronic device that receives, stores, and processes data in a specified order. The computer is capable of performing a variety of tasks such as analyzing data, processing images, and providing content for its user.

**Opposites and Synonyms:**

The German language offers a variety of synonyms for the word Computer such as PC, Rechner, and elektronische Datenverarbeitungsanlage. There is not a direct opposite to this term in the German language.

**Examples:**

1. Ich benutze meinen Computer für die Arbeit. (I use my computer for work.)
2. Der Computer stürzte ab, als ich versuchte, ein Spiel zu öffnen. (The computer crashed when I tried to open a game.)
3. Die Schüler arbeiteten an ihren Präsentationen auf dem Computer. (The students worked on their presentations on the computer.)

In conclusion, the word Computer is used frequently in the German language and refers to an electronic device that stores, retrieves, and processes data for a user. The German language provides a variety of synonyms for this term, but there is no direct opposite to it.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Computer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Computer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>