---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ruhe.png
title: "Ruhe (noun)"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

*Ruhe* is a German noun that translates to "peace" or "quiet" in English. It refers to a state or period of calmness, tranquility, and absence of noise or disturbance. 

**Definitions:**

1. *Stille* (noun): silence.
2. *Entspannung* (noun): relaxation.
3. *Gelassenheit* (noun): serenity.

**Opposites:**

1. *Lärm* (noun): noise.
2. *Hektik* (noun): hustle and bustle.
3. *Unruhe* (noun): unrest.

**Synonyms:**

1. *Frieden* (noun): peace.
2. *Stille* (noun): silence.
3. *Gemächlichkeit* (noun): leisureliness.

**Examples:**

1. Es ist schön, in der Natur absolute *Ruhe* zu finden. (It's beautiful to find absolute *peace* in nature.)
2. Nach einem langen Arbeitstag sehne ich mich nach *Ruhe* und Entspannung. (After a long day at work, I long for *peace* and relaxation.)
3. Die Meditation bietet einen Weg, *Ruhe* und Gelassenheit zu finden. (Meditation offers a way to find *peace* and serenity.)

In conclusion, *Ruhe* encompasses the notions of peace, quiet, and tranquility. It represents the absence of noise, disturbance, and unrest. Synonyms such as *Frieden* and *Stille* emphasize the calmness and stillness associated with *Ruhe*. On the other hand, opposites like *Lärm* and *Hektik* highlight the contrast between noise and peace. By seeking *Ruhe*, one can experience relaxation, serenity, and the opportunity to escape the busy world around them.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ruhe" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ruhe%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>