---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schlange.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [vocabulary, language, German]
title: Schlange

---

One of the most common words in German is "Schlange", which translates to "snake" in English. However, this word has a variety of meanings and applications beyond just the reptile. 

Let's start with the most basic definition: "Schlange" can refer to a live snake, as well as a toy snake or a drawing of a snake. It can also be used metaphorically to describe someone who is sly or cunning, like a snake.

But "Schlange" can also have a very different meaning depending on context. For example, in a grocery store, you might find yourself waiting in a "Schlange" - which means "line" or "queue". In this sense, "Schlange" is a synonym for "Warteschlange", or "waiting line".

Alternatively, "Schlange" can also refer to a pipe or hose, particularly in the context of plumbing or heating. In this sense, "Schlange" is a synonym for "Rohr" (pipe).

Finally, "Schlange" can be used to describe the winding path or arrangement of objects, like a "Schlangenlinie" (serpentine line) or a "Schlangennest" (tangle of snakes). 

Opposite to Schlange would be the opposite of the given context in which the word is being used.

In summary, "Schlange" has a surprisingly wide range of meanings and applications beyond just the reptile, making it an interesting word to explore and study as a German learner. Some of its synonyms include "Warteschlange" (waiting line), "Rohr" (pipe), and "Schlangenlinie" (serpentine line).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schlange" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schlange%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>