---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fehler.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Fehler
---

## Definitions:
- Mistake, error
- Fault, flaw

## Opposites:
- Richtig (Right, correct)

## Synonyms:
- Irrtum (Error, misunderstanding)
- Fauxpas (Blunder, gaffe)

## Examples:
1. Ich habe einen großen Fehler gemacht. (I made a big mistake.)
2. Das war mein Fehler, tut mir leid. (That was my fault, I'm sorry.)
3. Erkannte Fehler werden behoben. (Recognized errors will be fixed.)

Fehler is a versatile German word that is commonly used to refer to a mistake or an error. It can describe any kind of misstep or flaw in various contexts. The opposite of Fehler is richtig, meaning right or correct. Synonyms for Fehler include Irrtum, which translates to error or misunderstanding, and Fauxpas, meaning blunder or gaffe.

For example, if you accidentally drop something and break it, you can say "Ich habe einen großen Fehler gemacht" (I made a big mistake). Similarly, if you realize that something you said was incorrect, you can apologize by saying "Das war mein Fehler, tut mir leid" (That was my fault, I'm sorry). When it comes to problem-solving, you may encounter instructions like "Erkannte Fehler werden behoben" (Recognized errors will be fixed), indicating that identified mistakes will be resolved.

Understanding the various contexts and applications of the word Fehler can greatly enhance your German language skills.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fehler" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fehler%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>