---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell [German]
categories: [German]
tags: [word, definitions, synonyms, antonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Schnell** is a German word that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It is an adjective that describes the speed or velocity of an action or movement. This word can be used to refer to the quickness of a person, an object, or a process.

## Synonyms

- Rasant (rapid)
- Zügig (swift)
- Geschwind (speedy)

## Antonyms

- Langsam (slow)
- Gemächlich (leisurely)
- Träge (sluggish)

## Examples

1.  Der Marathonläufer rennt sehr schnell.
   - Translation: The marathon runner runs very fast.
2.  Die Zugfahrt war sehr schnell und unkompliziert.
   - Translation: The train journey was very quick and uncomplicated.
3.  Kannst du bitte schnell zum Supermarkt gehen und Milch kaufen?
   - Translation: Can you please quickly go to the supermarket and buy milk?
4.  Die schnelle Reaktion der Feuerwehr hat Schlimmeres verhindert.
   - Translation: The quick reaction of the fire brigade prevented a worse outcome.
5.  Diese Kamera macht wirklich sehr schnelle Aufnahmen.
   - Translation: This camera takes really fast shots.

In conclusion, **schnell** is a versatile German word that is used to describe speed, velocity, and quickness. It has various synonyms, such as rasant and zügig, and opposites like langsam and gemächlich. The examples provided showcase how this word can be used in different contexts to express the idea of speed in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>