---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Duck.png
title: Duck
categories: [Random German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

The German word "Ente" translates to "duck" in English. It is a noun referring to a type of waterfowl, typically found near bodies of water such as lakes, ponds, or rivers. Ducks are characterized by their short necks, webbed feet, and flat bills. They are known for their ability to swim and dive in water.

## Opposite

The opposite of a duck in German is a "Jäger" which means hunter. While ducks are often prey for hunters, it is important to note that their opposite in this context refers primarily to their role in the ecosystem rather than their physical attributes.

## Synonyms

There are different species of ducks, each with its own specific name in German. Some common synonyms for "Ente" include:

- **Stockente** (Mallard duck): It is one of the most widespread duck species in the world and easily recognized by its iridescent green head, white collar, and dark brown breast.
- **Pfeifente** (Common Teal): This small-sized duck is known for its distinctive whistling sound made by the male during mating season.
- **Löffelente** (Northern Shoveler): This duck species is named after its unique large, spoon-shaped bill, which it uses to sift through mud and water to find food.

## Examples

Here are some examples of how the word "Ente" can be used in sentences:

1. Die Ente schwimmt elegant auf dem See. (The duck swims gracefully on the lake.)
2. Die Entenfamilie watschelte in einer Reihe über die Straße. (The duck family waddled in a line across the street.)
3. Ich füttere die Enten im Park mit Brotkrumen. (I feed the ducks in the park with breadcrumbs.)

As ducks are familiar creatures in many cultures, these examples illustrate typical situations involving ducks in various scenarios.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Duck" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Duck%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>