---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freunde.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Freunde
---

Freunde (Friends)

Definition:
Freunde refers to people who have a close bond and share positive emotions, trust, and cooperation with each other. They are individuals whom one can rely on for support, companionship, and understanding. Friends play an integral role in our lives, offering comfort during tough times and celebrating with us during moments of joy.

Opposite:
Feinde (Enemies) are the opposite of Freunde. While friends provide emotional and social support, enemies are individuals with whom one has a hostile or negative relationship. They may harbor ill-will, have conflicting interests, or engage in harmful actions towards each other.

Synonyms:
1. Bekannte - Acquaintances
2. Kumpels - Buddies
3. Gefährten - Companions

Examples:
1. Ich habe viele Freunde, mit denen ich meine Interessen teilen kann. (I have many friends with whom I can share my interests.)
2. Er steht immer für seine Freunde ein und unterstützt sie. (He always stands up for his friends and supports them.)
3. Wir haben uns schon in der Kindheit angefreundet und sind bis heute unzertrennlich. (We became friends in childhood and have been inseparable ever since.)

Friends hold a special place in our hearts and contribute to our well-being. They provide love, laughter, and a sense of belonging in our lives, making our journey more enriching and joyful.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freunde" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freunde%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>