---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kreuz.png
title: Kreuz (Noun)
categories: [language]
tags: [german, word, definitions, synonyms, examples]
---

The word "Kreuz" in the German language is a noun that refers to a "cross" in English. It has multiple definitions, opposites, and synonyms, which can be explored in the following sections:

## Definitions

1. **Religious Symbol**: In religious contexts, "Kreuz" represents the biblical symbol of the cross, historically associated with Christianity.
   
2. **Geometric Shape**: "Kreuz" can also denote a geometric shape consisting of two intersecting lines perpendicular to each other, forming four right angles, similar to a plus sign (+).
   
3. **Traffic Sign**: In Germany, "Kreuz" is used to describe a "crossroads" or an interchange on a highway, where two or more roads intersect.
   
4. **Bone Structure**: In anatomy, "Kreuz" refers to the "sacrum," which is the triangular bone located near the base of the spine.

## Opposites

The following are opposites or related terms to "Kreuz":

- **Gerade**: This German word means "straight" and is the opposite of the intersecting lines forming a "Kreuz."
- **Freistehend**: Translated as "free-standing" in English, this is used to describe a cross that is not attached to anything.

## Synonyms

Here are some synonyms that can be associated with "Kreuz":

- **Kruzifix**: A specific type of religious cross often containing a depiction of Jesus Christ.
- **Gebetezeichen**: This term refers to a cross used for prayer or as a sign of faith.

## Examples

Here are a few examples showcasing the usage of "Kreuz" in different contexts:

1. "Ich trage immer ein goldenes Kreuz um den Hals." (I always wear a golden cross around my neck.)
2. "An diesem Kreuzweg müssen wir nach rechts abbiegen." (At this crossroad, we need to turn right.)
3. "Das Kreuz ist ein Symbol des Glaubens." (The cross is a symbol of faith.)
4. "Der Wirbel am unteren Ende der Wirbelsäule wird als Kreuz bezeichnet." (The vertebra at the base of the spine is referred to as the sacrum.)

The word "Kreuz" encompasses various meanings and applications within the German language, extending from religion to geometry to traffic signs. Understanding its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples allows for deeper comprehension of its versatile usage.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kreuz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kreuz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>