---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tür.png
title: Tür (Door)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

*Definitions:*

- Tür - (noun) A moveable barrier that allows access to and from an enclosed space, typically consisting of a panel that swings on hinges or slides along a groove.
- Eingang - (noun) Entrance; the act or manner of entering.
- Ausgang - (noun) Exit; a way out or means of escape.
- Durchgang - (noun) Passageway; a path or route allowing passage from one place to another.

*Opposites:*

- Geschlossen - (adjective) Closed; not open or accessible.
- Offen - (adjective) Open; accessible or available for use.
- Verriegelt - (adjective) Locked; fastened or secured with a lock or bolt.
- Entriegelt - (adjective) Unlocked; not fastened or secured with a lock or bolt.

*Synonyms:*

- Pforte - (noun) Gate; a movable barrier used to close an opening.
- Tor - (noun) Gate; a large entrance or passageway.
- Zugang - (noun) Access; the act or right of entering or using.
- Schranke - (noun) Barrier; a physical obstruction or obstacle.
- Einlass - (noun) Admission; permission or right to enter.

*Examples:*

1. "Bitte schließen Sie die Tür, wenn Sie den Raum verlassen." (Please close the door when you leave the room.)
2. "Der Eingang zum Museum befindet sich auf der rechten Seite." (The entrance to the museum is on the right side.)
3. "Der Ausgang ist aufgrund von Bauarbeiten vorübergehend gesperrt." (The exit is temporarily closed due to construction work.)
4. "Gehen Sie bitte durch den Durchgang, um zum Innenhof zu gelangen." (Please go through the passageway to access the courtyard.)
5. "Die Tür war verriegelt, daher konnte niemand eintreten." (The door was locked, so nobody could enter.)
6. "Nachdem er den Code eingegeben hatte, entriegelte sich die Tür automatisch." (After he entered the code, the door unlocked automatically.)

Remember, understanding and using different words related to "Tür" will help you communicate effectively and navigate various situations in the German language!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tür" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tür%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>