---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Turm.png
title: Turm [German]
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary, definitions, synonyms]

---

### Definition:

Turm is a German word that translates to "tower" in English. It refers to a tall structure or building that is typically higher than its surrounding area. Turms are commonly witnessed in urban areas and can be observed as architectural features in numerous cities all around the world. They can serve various purposes such as providing communication, observation, or housing facilities.

### Opposite:

The opposite of Turm is actually "Grube," which means "pit" in English. While a Turm is a tall structure that extends upwards, a Grube is a low-lying area or hole that goes downwards. The concept of height in a tower is contrasted with the concept of depth in a pit, presenting opposing ideas.

### Synonyms:

Some synonyms for Turm include:

- Hochhaus (high-rise)
- Wolkenkratzer (skyscraper)
- Glockenturm (bell tower)
- Leuchtturm (lighthouse)

These words are used interchangeably depending on the specific context and location of the tower.

### Examples:

Here are a few examples of famous Turms around the world:

1. The Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, is known for its iconic structure and attracts millions of tourists each year.
2. The Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, holds the title of the tallest man-made structure in the world, standing at an impressive height of 828 meters.
3. The Tokyo Skytree in Tokyo, Japan, is a famous broadcasting tower that also serves as an observation deck for visitors to enjoy panoramic views of the city.
4. The Tower of London, located in England, is a historic castle that features multiple towers within its complex and holds significant cultural and historical importance.

These examples showcase the diverse range of Turms found worldwide, each with its distinct characteristics and purposes.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Turm" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Turm%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>