---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fluss.png
title: Fluss
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Fluss is a German noun that translates to "river" in English. It refers to a natural flowing watercourse, usually freshwater, that continuously moves towards a larger body of water, such as an ocean or sea. Rivers are an essential part of the Earth's ecosystem, providing habitats for various species and serving as a water source for human activities.

## Opposite

The opposite of Fluss is "See" (lake). While a river represents a flowing body of water, a lake is a large enclosed area filled with stationary water. Lakes can be fed by rivers or underground springs and do not have a current like a river. Unlike a river, a lake does not necessarily have a specific outlet.

## Synonyms

- Strom
- Gewässer
- Wasserlauf

## Examples

The following examples illustrate the use of Fluss in different contexts:

1. Der Rhein ist ein bekannter Fluss in Europa. (The Rhine is a famous river in Europe.)
2. Der Nil ist der längste Fluss in Afrika. (The Nile is the longest river in Africa.)
3. Die Amazonas ist als lebendiger Fluss und ein wichtiger Lebensraum für zahlreiche Tierarten bekannt. (The Amazon is known as a vibrant river and an important habitat for numerous animal species.)

Rivers serve as important resources for irrigation, transportation, and recreation, among other purposes. They also contribute to the natural beauty and cultural heritage of many regions around the world.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fluss" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fluss%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>