---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Sauer.png
title: Sauer
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

**Sauer** [adj.]:  

- **Definition**: Sour, acidic, or tart in taste. Can refer to food items, liquids, or any substance. 
- **Opposite**: Süß (sweet)
- **Synonyms**: Saure (adjective form)
- **Examples**:
  - Die Zitrone schmeckt sehr sauer. (The lemon tastes very sour.)
  - Der Apfelwein hat einen säuerlichen Geschmack. (The apple cider has a slightly acidic taste.)
  - Die saure Sahne passt gut zu Kartoffeln. (The sour cream goes well with potatoes.)

The word "sauer" primarily describes a taste that is sour, acidic, or tart. It can be used to describe various types of food items, liquids, or any substance that has this specific taste. The opposite of "sauer" is "süß," which means sweet.

When used as an adjective, "sauer" can be turned into its adjectival form "saure." This form is commonly used when describing other nouns or attributes related to acidity or sourness.

Here are a few examples of how "sauer" can be used in sentences:

1. Die Zitrone schmeckt sehr sauer. (The lemon tastes very sour.)
2. Der Apfelwein hat einen säuerlichen Geschmack. (The apple cider has a slightly acidic taste.)
3. Die saure Sahne passt gut zu Kartoffeln. (The sour cream goes well with potatoes.)

Next time you encounter something with a sour taste, you can use the word "sauer" to describe it accurately in German. Remember that the opposite of "sauer" is "süß" if you want to describe something sweet instead.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Sauer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Sauer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>