---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glaube.png
title: "Glaube"
categories: [definition]
tags: [German]
---

## Definition
"Glaube" is a German noun that translates to "faith" or "belief" in English. It refers to the act of having trust, confidence, or conviction in something or someone. Glaube is often associated with religious or spiritual beliefs.

## Opposites
1. Zweifel (doubt): While Glaube represents a strong belief, Zweifel signifies uncertainty or lack of faith. These two words are antonyms, emphasizing the contrast between belief and doubt.
2. Ablehnung (rejection): Glaube implies acceptance and affirmation, while Ablehnung denotes rejection or disapproval.

## Synonyms
1. Überzeugung (conviction): Similar to Glaube, Überzeugung refers to a firm belief or persuasion based on personal conviction or evidence.
2. Vertrauen (trust): Vertrauen shares a similar connotation with Glaube, emphasizing confidence and reliance on someone or something.

## Examples
1. **Religious context:** Der Glaube an Gott gibt vielen Menschen Trost. (Faith in God brings comfort to many people.)
2. **Personal belief:** Ich habe Glaube an meine Fähigkeiten, das schaffen zu können. (I have faith in my abilities to succeed.)
3. **Trust in others:** Ich habe Glaube an dich, dass du die richtige Entscheidung treffen wirst. (I have faith in you to make the right decision.)

Overall, Glaube represents the act of having faith or belief, whether it's related to religious, personal, or trusting aspects of life. It is the opposite of doubt and rejection, while being closely associated with conviction and trust.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glaube" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glaube%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>