---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freund.png
title: "Freund (noun)"
categories: [german]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Freund** is a German noun that means "friend" in English. It refers to a person with whom one has a close and affectionate relationship, characterized by mutual trust, support, and camaraderie. A true friend is someone who understands, accepts, and stands by you through thick and thin, offering both emotional and practical assistance when needed.

## Opposites

- **Feind**: This is the direct opposite of a friend and translates to "enemy" in English. A **Feind** is someone who wishes harm, ill-will, or has hostile intentions towards another person. While friends bring joy and happiness into our lives, enemies often bring conflict and negativity.

- **Unbekannter**: Translated as "stranger," an **Unbekannter** refers to someone you do not know or have a personal relationship with. Unlike friends, strangers are individuals with whom you are not familiar and may not share a bond of trust or understanding.

## Synonyms

- **Kumpel**: This informal term is used to describe a close friend or buddy. It implies a more casual and laid-back friendship where people enjoy each other's company and share common interests or activities.

- **Gefährte**: Derived from the verb "geführen" meaning "to accompany," a **Gefährte** is someone who accompanies you on a journey or shares experiences with you. It emphasizes the aspect of companionship and partnership rather than just friendship.

## Examples

1. "Mein bester **Freund** begleitet mich seit meiner Kindheit." (My best **friend** has been with me since my childhood.)

2. "Sie ist eine treue **Freundin**, immer da, wenn man sie braucht." (She is a loyal **friend**, always there when you need her.)

3. "Der **Feind** meines Feindes ist mein **Freund**." (The **friend** of my enemy is my **friend**.)

4. "Die zwei Hunde sind die besten **Kumpel** und toben immer zusammen." (The two dogs are the best **buddies** and always play together.)

5. "Als **Gefährten** haben wir viele Abenteuer erlebt und schwierige Zeiten überstanden." (As **companions**, we have experienced many adventures and overcome challenging times.)

Remember, a **Freund** is not just someone you spend time with, but someone who supports you, understands you, and brings positivity into your life. Cherish your friends and nurture these valuable relationships!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>