slippery

---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Slippery.png
title: Slippery
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, opposites, examples]

---

One interesting German word is "slippery" or "rutschig" in German. This word is used to describe something that is difficult to hold onto or walk on because it is wet or slick. Let’s take a deeper look at its definitions, opposites, and synonyms.

**Definitions**  
- "Slippery" is a term used to describe things that are difficult to handle or grasp because they are wet, greasy or oily.
- It can also be used to describe something that is difficult to hold onto because it is smooth, polished or slippery.

**Opposites**  
- "Grob" (rough) is the opposite of "rutschig" as rough surfaces or materials are more likely to provide grip rather than slipping.

**Synonyms**   
- "Glatt" (slippery/glossy/smooth) is a similar word to "rutschig" and is often used interchangeably.
- "Glibberig" (slimy) is another synonym that focuses more on wetness than slipperiness.

**Examples**  
- "Die Straße ist heute rutschig." (The road is slippery today.)
- "Der Boden ist rutschig. Vorsicht!" (The floor is slippery. Be careful)
- "Die nasse Bananenschale war sehr rutschig." (The wet banana peel was very slippery)

Learning new words provides a wealth of exciting new opportunities to delve into the language and its culture. Incorporate these into your vocabulary to widen your understanding of the German Language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Slippery" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Slippery%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>