---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frühstück.png
title: Frühstück
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]

---

Frühstück is a German word that means breakfast in English. It is derived from two German words, "früh," which means early, and "Stück," which means piece. Hence, the term literally means "early piece."

**Definitions**: Frühstück refers to the first meal of the day, which is usually consumed in the morning after waking up. The meal typically consists of bread or toast, cheese, jam, butter, cold cuts, boiled eggs, yoghurt, cereals, and coffee or tea.

**Synonyms**: In German, there are several words that can be used to refer to breakfast, such as Morgenmahl, Morgenessen or Frühmahlzeit.

**Opposites**: There aren't any official opposites to the word Frühstück, as it always refers to the first meal of the day. However, there are different words in German for lunch (Mittagessen) and dinner (Abendessen).

**Examples**: Some examples of typical German breakfast dishes are:

- Brötchen mit Butter und Marmelade (bread rolls with butter and jam)
- Müsli mit Joghurt und Obst (muesli with yoghurt and fruit)
- Rührei (scrambled eggs) with bacon or ham
- Vollkornbrot mit Käse und Wurst (wholemeal bread with cheese and cold cuts)
- Croissants 

In Germany, breakfast is usually eaten at home, but it is also common to have a business breakfast in a café or restaurant. It is considered the most important meal of the day and is said to provide the energy needed to start the day off right.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frühstück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frühstück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>