---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [german]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: Schnell
---

## Schnell

Schnell is a German adjective that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It describes the quality or manner of something happening or being done with great speed. This word has a versatile usage and can be applied in various contexts. Let's explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples below.

### Definitions

- **Fast**: "Schnell" primarily refers to a high speed or velocity. It can describe how quickly a person or an object moves or an action is performed. For example: "Der Sportwagen fährt sehr schnell" (The sports car drives very fast).

- **Quick**: In addition to speed, "Schnell" can also convey the idea of promptness or swiftness in completing a task or making a decision. For instance: "Er reagierte schnell auf die E-Mail" (He responded quickly to the email).

### Opposites

To express the opposite of "schnell," you can use the word "langsam," which means "slow" in English. Here is an example highlighting the contrast between the two antonyms: "Der Hase ist schnell, aber die Schildkröte ist langsam" (The rabbit is fast, but the turtle is slow).

### Synonyms

There are several synonyms for "schnell" in the German language. Some common alternatives include:

- Rasch (rapid)
- Zügig (swift)
- Flott (speedy)

### Examples

Here are a few examples demonstrating the usage of "schnell" in different contexts:

1. "Die Uhr tickt schnell" (The clock ticks fast).
2. "Sein Auto beschleunigt schnell" (His car accelerates quickly).
3. "Sie arbeitet sehr schnell und effizient" (She works very fast and efficiently).
4. "Der Zug erreicht schnell die Endstation" (The train quickly reaches the final station).
5. "Er spricht schnell und deutlich" (He speaks fast and clearly).

Remember to adjust the capitalization of "Schnell" depending on its position within a sentence. Whether it's used as an adjective, adverb, or noun, "Schnell" remains a valuable term when describing speed and efficiency.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>