---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Autobahn.png
title: Autobahn
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Definitions, Opposites, Synonyms, Examples]
---

**Autobahn** is a commonly used German word that refers to the highway or motorway system in Germany. It consists of the prefix "auto" which means "car" or "automobile" and the word "bahn" which translates to "track" or "way". Autobahn can be used both as a noun and as an adjective to describe the German highway system.

**Definitions:**
- The Autobahn refers to the national network of high-speed highways in Germany, known for their lack of general speed limits.
- It can also describe any highway or motorway system in a German-speaking country.

**Opposites:**
- Landstraße (country road): This term refers to smaller roads, often located in rural areas, that are not part of the Autobahn system.
- Stadtstraße (city road): In contrast to the high-speed Autobahn, Stadtstraßen are roads within cities that typically have lower speed limits and more traffic congestion.

**Synonyms:**
- Schnellstraße: This term is used in Austria and Switzerland to describe a high-speed road similar to the Autobahn.
- Fernstraße: Another synonym that generally refers to long-distance roads, including highways.

**Examples:**
1. "Wir fuhren auf der Autobahn nach Berlin." (We drove on the highway to Berlin.)
2. "Die Autobahn A7 ist eine der meistbefahrenen Straßen Deutschlands." (The Autobahn A7 is one of the most heavily trafficked roads in Germany.)
3. "Auf der Autobahn darf man oft deutlich schneller fahren als auf Landstraßen." (On the Autobahn, you are often allowed to drive significantly faster than on country roads.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Autobahn" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Autobahn%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>