---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tanz.png
title: Tanz (Dance)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

The German word "Tanz" translates as "dance" in English. It is a versatile word that encompasses various forms of movement performed in rhythm and harmony. Let's explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples.

## Definitions:

1. **Tanz** (masculine noun): The activity or art of moving rhythmically to music, typically following a choreographed sequence of steps.

2. **Tänzer** (masculine noun): A dancer, someone who performs or practices dance professionally.

3. **Tanzkurs** (masculine noun): A dance course or class, where individuals learn different dance styles, techniques, and routines.

## Opposites:

- **Stille** (feminine noun): Silence. It represents the absence of movement or dance.

- **Unbeweglichkeit** (feminine noun): Immobility or stiffness. It refers to the lack of fluid movement associated with dance.

- **Stillstand** (masculine noun): Standstill or stagnation. It symbolizes the absence of progress or motion, contrasting the energy and dynamism of dance.

## Synonyms:

- **Walten** (verb): To dance or perform a dance.

- **Tanzen** (verb): To dance.

- **Tanzerei** (feminine noun): Dance, commonly used in a playful or informal context.

## Examples:

1. Die Ballerina führt einen anmutigen Tanz auf. (The ballerina performs a graceful dance.)

2. Wir haben gestern auf der Hochzeit bis in die frühen Morgenstunden getanzt. (We danced until the early hours at the wedding yesterday.)

3. Der Tanzkurs hat mir geholfen, meine Tanztechnik zu verbessern. (The dance course helped me improve my dance technique.)

Remember, Tanz represents not only physical movement but also creativity, expression, and joy. It is an integral part of many cultures and a form of communication that transcends language barriers. So, put on your dancing shoes and embrace the magic of Tanz!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tanz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tanz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>