---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fernweh.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: "Fernweh"
---

**Fernweh** is a German word that translates to "wanderlust" in English. The literal translation of **Fernweh** is "distance pain," which refers to the feeling of longing for a faraway place.

Opposite of **Fernweh** is **Heimweh**, which means "homesickness". While **Fernweh** is the desire to travel and explore new places, **Heimweh** is the opposite - the desire to be home with loved ones, in familiar surroundings.

Some synonyms of **Fernweh** include:

- Reiselust (travel lust)
- Wanderdrang (wandering urge)
- Draufgängerlust (adventure lust)

Here are some examples of how to use **Fernweh** in a sentence:

- Ich habe ein starkes Fernweh, ich möchte neue Orte bereisen. (I have a strong wanderlust, I want to explore new places.)
- Das Gefühl von Fernweh wird immer stärker, wenn ich Bilder von schönen Orten sehe. (The feeling of wanderlust gets stronger when I see pictures of beautiful places.)
- In meinem Job reise ich oft, aber trotzdem habe ich immer wieder Fernweh. (In my job I often travel, but still I have wanderlust again and again.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fernweh" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fernweh%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fernweh.png
title: Fernweh
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german]
---

## Definition
Fernweh is a German word that describes a strong desire to travel to faraway places. It is often compared to homesickness, but instead of longing for home, it is a desire to explore new and unfamiliar lands. 

## Opposite 
The opposite of Fernweh is Heimweh, which means homesickness. It is the feeling of longing for the comfort and familiarity of home. While Fernweh is about a desire to explore the unknown, Heimweh is about the comfort of the known.

## Synonyms
Fernweh can also be described as wanderlust or a thirst for adventure. They all share the common idea of wanting to experience new and exciting places.

## Examples
Here are a few examples of how Fernweh can be used in a sentence: 

- "Ever since she was a child, she has had a strong case of Fernweh."
- "His Fernweh inspired him to quit his job and travel the world."
- "I have such a strong desire to see the Northern Lights; it's giving me Fernweh." 

Overall, Fernweh is a beautiful and unique word that perfectly captures the feeling of wanting to explore the world. It is a word that is often used in travel writing and is especially relevant today, as more and more people are experiencing a serious case of Fernweh due to travel restrictions caused by the pandemic.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fernweh" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fernweh%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>