---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/German.png
title: German Word - Traurig
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Definitions, Opposites, Synonyms, Examples]

---

## Definition

Traurig is a German adjective that means "sad" in English. It describes the feeling of being unhappy, distressed, or sorrowful.

## Opposites

- Fröhlich (happy): The opposite of traurig is fröhlich, which means "happy." While traurig denotes a state of sadness, fröhlich represents a state of joy, contentment, or cheerfulness.

- Glücklich (fortunate): Glücklich is another antonym of traurig, meaning "fortunate" in English. It conveys the opposite emotions of sadness and implies a state of well-being and happiness.

## Synonyms

- Bedrückt (downcast): Bedrückt is a synonym for traurig, conveying a sense of being weighed down or oppressed by sadness. It suggests a feeling of being overcome by sorrow or grief.

- Melancholisch (melancholic): Melancholisch is another synonym of traurig and describes a feeling of deep sadness or gloominess. It implies a pensive mood and a tendency towards introspection.

## Examples

- Nachdem sie die Nachricht ihres Freundes erhielt, fühlte sie sich sehr traurig. (After receiving the news from her friend, she felt very sad.)

- Der Verlust ihres Haustiers machte die Familie traurig. (The family was saddened by the loss of their pet.)

- Obwohl er gewonnen hatte, blieb er traurig und hatte kein Interesse am Feiern. (Even though he had won, he remained sad and had no interest in celebrating.)

- In dem traurigen Film weinte das Publikum während der emotionellen Szenen. (During the emotional scenes of the sad movie, the audience cried.)

- Ihre traurige Geschichte rührte alle zu Tränen. (Her sad story moved everyone to tears.)

Traurig is a versatile word that allows us to express a wide range of emotions associated with sadness. Whether we encounter situations of personal loss or empathize with others' pain, traurig enables us to communicate our feelings effectively in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="German" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20German%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>