---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Erfolg.png
title: Erfolg
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]
---

## Definition
Erfolg is a German word that refers to success or achievement. It is often used to describe the favorable outcome or result of an endeavor or goal.

## Opposite
The opposite of Erfolg is Misserfolg, which means failure. While Erfolg signifies a positive outcome or accomplishment, Misserfolg indicates a negative or unfavorable result.

## Synonyms
There are several synonyms of Erfolg that can be used interchangeably in different contexts. Some of these synonyms include:
- Gelingen (succeeding)
- Triumph (triumph)
- Sieg (victory)
- Vollendung (completion)

## Examples
Here are a few examples of how Erfolg can be used in sentences:

1. Der Schriftsteller hatte großen Erfolg mit seinem neuesten Roman. (The writer had great success with his latest novel.)
2. Die Athletin arbeitet hart für ihren Erfolg bei den Olympischen Spielen. (The athlete works hard for her success at the Olympics.)
3. Der Geschäftsmann feiert den Erfolg seines neuen Unternehmens. (The businessman celebrates the success of his new company.)

Overall, Erfolg is a versatile word that embodies the concept of achieving positive outcomes or results. Its synonymous words, such as Gelingen, Triumph, Sieg, and Vollendung, can be used to express similar ideas of success and accomplishment. On the other hand, Misserfolg represents the opposite, indicating a lack of success or failure.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Erfolg" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Erfolg%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>