---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stehen.png
title: Stehen
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition:

**Stehen** is a German verb that primarily means "to stand." It refers to the act of being in an upright position with minimal or no movement. This word is often used to describe a person or an object's physical state of not sitting or lying down.

### Opposite:

The opposite of **stehen** is **sitzen**, which means "to sit." While **stehen** implies being in a vertical position, **sitzen** represents the act of being seated or resting on a chair or any surface.

### Synonyms:

Some synonyms for **stehen** are:

1. *sich aufrecht halten* – to maintain an upright position
2. *erect sein* – to be upright
3. *auf den Beinen sein* – to be on one's feet

### Examples:

- Mein Bruder steht schon seit Stunden vor der Tür. (My brother has been standing in front of the door for hours.)
- Die Statue steht im Park und ist sehr imposant. (The statue is standing in the park and is very impressive.)
- Kannst du bitte aufstehen? Ich sehe nichts hinter dir. (Can you please stand up? I can't see anything behind you.)
- Wir müssen immer stehen, wenn der Lehrer den Raum betritt. (We always have to stand up when the teacher enters the room.)

In conclusion, **stehen** is a versatile German verb frequently used to express the action of standing in an upright position. It can be accompanied by its opposite **sitzen** to depict different physical states. Furthermore, it has several synonyms that convey a similar meaning.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stehen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stehen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>