---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Angst.png
title: Angst
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german, word, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition
Angst is a German word that translates to "fear" or "anxiety" in English. It describes a strong feeling of worry, unease, or apprehension caused by the anticipation of something unpleasant or dangerous.

## Opposites
- Mut (courage): While angst represents fear and anxiety, mut embodies bravery and courage. It signifies the ability to confront and overcome difficult or threatening situations without succumbing to fear.
- Gelassenheit (serenity): In contrast to angst, gelassenheit refers to a state of calmness and tranquility. It represents the absence of anxiety or distress, allowing individuals to face life's challenges with inner peace.

## Synonyms
- Furcht (fear): Similar to angst, furcht denotes a feeling of distress or apprehension that arises from the presence of potential danger or harm.
- Sorge (worry): Sorge, like angst, describes a state of concern or unease over potential negative outcomes. It emphasizes the mental preoccupation with troubling thoughts and future uncertainties.

## Examples
1. "Sie hatte große Angst vor dem Zahnarzttermin." (She was very anxious about the dentist appointment.)
2. "Seine Angst vor Spinnen ist unerklärlich." (His fear of spiders is inexplicable.)
3. "Trotz meiner Angst vor öffentlichen Reden, habe ich den Mut gefunden, meine Meinung zu vertreten." (Despite my fear of public speaking, I found the courage to express my opinion.)
4. "Er verspürte ein Gefühl der Gelassenheit, als er den Gipfel des Berges erreichte." (He experienced a sense of serenity when he reached the mountain summit.)

Remember, Angst is a versatile term that encompasses a range of emotions related to fear and anxiety.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Angst" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Angst%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>