---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [word]
title: Schnell
---

## Definition
*Schnell* is an adverb in German, which means "fast" or "quickly" in English. It is often used to describe speed or the rate at which something happens.

## Opposites
The opposite of *schnell* is *langsam*, which means "slow" in English. While *schnell* indicates a high speed, *langsam* implies a low or reduced speed.

## Synonyms
Some synonyms for *schnell* include *rasch*, *flink*, *fix*, and *zügig*. These words can be used interchangeably with *schnell* to express the idea of quickness or speed.

## Examples
Here are a few examples to illustrate the usage of *schnell*:

1. Ich laufe schnell zur Bushaltestelle, um den Bus nicht zu verpassen. (I quickly run to the bus stop to not miss the bus.)
2. Der Zug fährt heute besonders schnell, sodass wir früher als erwartet am Zielort ankommen. (The train is running particularly fast today, so we will arrive at our destination earlier than expected.)
3. Sie arbeitet sehr schnell und erledigt ihre Aufgaben effizient. (She works very quickly and efficiently completes her tasks.)

Remember, in German, *schnell* can also be used to describe the rapid progress of events or the speed of a process.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: "Schnell"
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german]
---

## Definitions
- (adjective) quick or fast
- (adverb) quickly or rapidly

## Opposites
- langsam (adjective) - slow
- langsam (adverb) - slowly

## Synonyms
- rasch (adjective) - rapid
- rasch (adverb) - rapidly

## Examples
- Die Katze rennt schnell. (The cat runs quickly.)
- Er hat einen schnellen Wagen. (He has a fast car.)
- Sie ist schnell gelaufen. (She ran quickly.)
- Das Internet ermöglicht schnelle Kommunikation. (The internet enables fast communication.)
- Ein schneller Sprachwechsel kann verwirrend sein. (A quick change of language can be confusing.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>