---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
title: Freiheit
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
Freiheit is a German word that translates to "freedom" in English. It encompasses the idea of being independent, having the ability to make choices and act according to one's own will.

## Opposites
### Gefangenschaft (captivity)
Captivity is the opposite of Freiheit. It refers to being imprisoned or confined against one's will. While Freiheit signifies liberation and self-determination, Gefangenschaft implies the absence of freedom.

## Synonyms
### Autonomie (autonomy)
Autonomie is a synonym of Freiheit that implies self-governance and independence. Both words represent the ability to make decisions and act freely, without external constraints.

### Selbstbestimmung (self-determination)
Similar to Freiheit, Selbstbestimmung emphasizes the power to make choices and control one's own destiny. It conveys the sense of being in charge of one's life and actions.

## Examples
- "Die Freiheit der Meinungsäußerung ist ein wichtiges Recht." (Freedom of speech is an important right.)
- "Nach Jahren der Unterdrückung genoss er endlich seine Freiheit." (After years of oppression, he finally enjoyed his freedom.)
- "Die Freiheit zu reisen ist ein Privileg, das viele genießen." (The freedom to travel is a privilege enjoyed by many.)

Freiheit is a fundamental value that plays a significant role in various aspects of life, including politics, human rights, and personal development. It is highly regarded and cherished by individuals and societies alike.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>