---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random word]
title: Freiheit
---

## Definition

Freiheit, in German, means "freedom" in English. It is a noun that refers to the state of being free, unrestricted, or not being under the control or domination of others. It represents the ability to act, speak, or think as one wants without any external constraints or limitations.

## Opposites

- Unfreiheit: This is the antonym of Freiheit. It means "unfreedom" or "oppression" and represents the lack of freedom or the state in which someone is being controlled or dominated by others.
- Zwang: Another opposite of Freiheit is Zwang, which translates to "compulsion" or "constraint." It signifies being forced or compelled to do something against one's will, thus restricting one's state of freedom.

## Synonyms

- Autonomie: Autonomie refers to "autonomy" in English, which is synonymous with Freiheit. It represents the independence and self-governance of an individual, indicating the ability to make decisions or act freely without external interference.
- Unabh채ngigkeit: Unabh채ngigkeit translates to "independence" in English and is synonymous with Freiheit. It defines the state of being self-reliant, not being under the control or influence of others, and having the liberty to pursue one's desires and goals.

## Examples

- "Die Freiheit des Menschen liegt nicht darin, dass er tun kann, was er will, sondern dass er nicht tun muss, was er nicht will." (Bertrand Russell)
  - Translation: "The freedom of man does not lie in the fact that he can do what he wants, but in the fact that he doesn't have to do what he doesn't want to."
- "Die Freiheit des Denkens verbietet, dass wir uns von Fluchtgedanken 체berw채ltigen lassen." (Sigmund Freud)
  - Translation: "The freedom of thought forbids us from being overwhelmed by thoughts of escape."

Overall, Freiheit is a fundamental concept that carries immense significance in personal, societal, and political contexts. It encapsulates the essence of liberty and the ability to exercise one's rights and choices without restriction.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>