---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Brücke.png
title: Brücke
categories: [German]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, examples]
---

## Definition
Brücke (feminine noun) refers to a bridge. It describes a structure that is built to connect two separate areas or to span across an obstacle, such as a river, a valley, or a road. Brücken are vital in facilitating transportation and allowing people, vehicles, or even animals to cross from one side to the other with ease.

## Opposite
The opposite of a bridge in German would be "Abgrund" (noun), which means "abyss" or "chasm." While a bridge connects two separate areas, an "Abgrund" represents a deep or immeasurable void between two points, rendering passage or connection impossible.

## Synonym
One synonym for "Brücke" is "Steg" (masculine noun), which translates to "footbridge" or "gangplank." It is a narrower and usually simpler construction than a typical bridge, primarily used for pedestrians or in situations with minor physical barriers.

## Examples
Here are a few examples showcasing the usage of "Brücke" in different contexts:

- Die alte Steinbrücke wurde im letzten Jahrhundert erbaut. (The old stone bridge was built in the last century.)
- Um zur anderen Seite des Flusses zu gelangen, mussten sie über die Brücke gehen. (To reach the other side of the river, they had to cross the bridge.)
- Die Höhlenforscher bauten eine Brücke, um den tiefen Graben zu überqueren. (The cave explorers constructed a bridge to cross the deep trench.)

Note: The German word "Brücke" also carries metaphorical meanings, such as "bridge" in relation to artistic movements, psychological concepts, or historical events. However, this post focuses on its literal usage as a physical structure.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Brücke" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Brücke%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>