---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

Schnell (adjective) - Fast

**Definition:**

"Schnell" is a German adjective that translates to "fast" or "quick" in English. It describes the ability of a person, object, or process to move or function at a high speed. The word "schnell" can also be used to indicate efficiency, promptness, or agility.

**Opposite:**

- Langsam (adjective) - Slow

**Synonyms:**

- Rasch (adjective) - Swift
- Flott (adjective) - Rapid
- Zügig (adjective) - Expedited

**Examples:**

1. Der Läufer rennt schnell über die Ziellinie. (The runner runs fast across the finish line.)
2. Bitte beeilen Sie sich, wir haben nur noch eine schnelle Lösung. (Please hurry, we only have a quick solution left.)
3. Das Auto beschleunigt schnell auf der Autobahn. (The car accelerates quickly on the highway.)
4. Die schnelle Lieferung hat mich sehr zufriedengestellt. (The fast delivery has pleased me greatly.)
5. Der Blitz war so schnell, dass ich ihn kaum gesehen habe. (The lightning was so fast that I hardly saw it.)

"**Schnell**" is a versatile word that can be used in various contexts to describe speed or efficiency. Its opposite, "langsam," helps provide a comparative understanding of the concept. Furthermore, "schnell" can be replaced with synonyms like "rasch," "flott," or "zügig" to add variety and precision to the expression.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>