---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hausfrau.png
categories: [German]
tags: [vocabulary]
title: "Hausfrau"
---

**Hausfrau** (noun) is a German word that literally translates to "housewife" in English. It refers to a married or unmarried woman who manages the household and takes care of domestic tasks. The term has evolved over time and is now used to describe a woman who primarily focuses on maintaining the home and family.

**Opposite:** The opposite of a *Hausfrau* would be a *Hausmann*, which refers to a househusband or a man who takes on domestic responsibilities.

**Synonyms:** Some related terms that can be used as synonyms for *Hausfrau* include "Hausmutter" (housemother), "Familienmanagerin" (family manager), or "Hauswirtschafterin" (domestic worker).

**Examples:**

1. Anna decided to become a full-time *Hausfrau* after the birth of her first child.
2. In traditional families, the role of a *Hausfrau* was often considered essential for maintaining a well-functioning household.
3. Martha's grandmother was an excellent *Hausfrau* who took pride in her ability to keep the house organized and the family well-fed.

Note: The term *Hausfrau* can be considered somewhat outdated or associated with traditional gender roles. It is important to recognize that gender roles have evolved, and not all women identify as *Hausfrauen* in modern society.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hausfrau" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hausfrau%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>