---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Mauer.png
title: Mauer (Wall)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposite, synonym, examples]
---

## Definition
The word "Mauer" is a German noun that refers to a wall or a partition. It represents a solid and usually vertical structure that separates one area from another. In a broader sense, "Mauer" can also signify a barrier or obstruction.

## Opposite
The opposite of "Mauer" is "Tor" (Gate). While a wall represents a solid and unpassable structure, a gate, on the other hand, represents an opening or entrance that allows passage through a wall or fence.

## Synonym
A synonymous term for "Mauer" is "Wand" (Wall). Both words can be used interchangeably to describe a physical divider between spaces.

## Examples
1. Die Berliner Mauer war eine ber체hmte politische Grenzmauer in Deutschland. (The Berlin Wall was a famous political barrier in Germany.)
2. Das Kind malte ein Bild an die Mauer. (The child painted a picture on the wall.)
3. Die Mauer des alten Geb채udes ist mit Efeu bewachsen. (The wall of the old building is covered in ivy.)
4. Die L채uferin sprintete die letzten Meter und brach dann durch die Ziellinie. Die Mauer hatte sie 체berwunden. (The runner sprinted the last few meters and then broke through the finish line. She had overcome the barrier.)

In German, the word "Mauer" is often used metaphorically to depict obstacles, divisions, or boundaries in various contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Mauer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Mauer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>