---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Haus.png
title: Haus
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [German, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

Haus is a common German word which refers to a building made for people to live in. This term can also be used to describe a family, such as a "Hausgemeinschaft" which refers to a family living together under the same roof.

Synonyms of the term "Haus" include "Wohnhaus" (residential building), "Villa" (mansion), or "Bauwerk" (structure). The opposite of "Haus" would be "Straße" (street), which is a location where buildings, including houses, can be found.

Examples of "Haus" include "Mein Haus ist groß und gemütlich" (My house is big and cozy) or "Ich wohne in einem alten, renovierten Haus in der Altstadt" (I live in an old, renovated house in the old town).

The term "Haus" can also be used in idiomatic expressions such as "in Saus und Braus leben" (living a life of luxury) or "jemandem eine lange Nase machen" (to make a fool of someone).

Overall, "Haus" is a versatile German term that can be used both literally and figuratively to refer to buildings, families, and situations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Haus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Haus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Haus.png
title: Haus
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]
---

Haus is a German word meaning "house" in English. It can refer to a building or a structure that is designed for people to live in. 

**Definitions**
- A dwelling place for one or more individuals or families.
- A building in which people, especially a family, reside.

**Opposites**
- Obdachlosigkeit (homelessness)
- Zelt (tent)

**Synonyms**
- Wohnung (apartment)
- Gebäude (building)
- Heim (home)

**Examples**
- Ich wohne in einem Haus. (I live in a house.)
- Das Haus hat fünf Schlafzimmer. (The house has five bedrooms.)
- Der Garten um das Haus ist sehr schön. (The garden around the house is very beautiful.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Haus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Haus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>