---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frisch.png
title: Frisch
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Frisch** is an adjective in the German language, generally translated to "fresh" in English. The term is commonly used to describe something that is new, recently produced, or not yet spoiled.

## Opposites

- **Alt** (old): The opposite of frisch, indicating something that has been in existence or has remained unchanged for a considerable amount of time. For example: "Das Brot ist alt" (The bread is old).

- **Abgestanden** (stale): Referring to something that has become dry or moldy due to being left unused. For example: "Abgestandenes Wasser schmeckt nicht gut" (Stale water does not taste good).

## Synonyms

- **Neu** (new): Often used interchangeably with frisch, emphasizing the novelty or recentness of something. For example: "Sie hat sich ein neues Kleid gekauft" (She bought herself a new dress).

- **Jung** (young): While primarily related to age, jung can also be used as a synonym for frisch in certain contexts, especially when referring to fresh produce or ingredients. For example: "Ich kaufe immer junges Gemüse" (I always buy fresh vegetables).

## Examples

- "Ich bin gerade erst aufgestanden und fühle mich frisch" (I just got up and feel fresh).

- "Der frische Salat schmeckt besonders lecker" (The fresh salad tastes especially delicious).

- "Er hat frische Blumen vom Markt mitgebracht" (He brought fresh flowers from the market).

In conclusion, the word frisch in German signifies something new, recent or not spoiled. It has opposites such as alt (old) and abgestanden (stale), while also being synonymous with neu (new) and jung (young) in certain contexts. These examples illustrate how frisch is used in everyday conversations to describe various objects or sensations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frisch" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frisch%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>