---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Baum.png
title: Baum
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

"Baum" is a German word that translates to "tree" in English. The word "Baum" is used widely in German language and has a lot of meanings, opposites, synonyms and examples, which are described below.

**Definitions:**
Baum means a perennial plant having a single stem or trunk supporting branches and leaves. It is a large, woody plant that grows from the ground and provides shade, shelter, and fruit or timber.

**Opposites:**
Baum's opposite is "Sträucher," which means shrubs in English. While Baum represents a large plant with a single stem and branches, Sträucher refers to a small and multi-stemmed plant without a clear distinction between stem and branches.

**Synonyms:**
- Bäume: It's the plural of Baum
- Gehölz: It's the term used to describe all types of trees and shrubs that grow together to form a forest.
- Wald: It's used for a large area in which many trees grow together

**Examples:**
- Es gibt viele schöne Bäume in unserem Garten. (There are lots of beautiful trees in our garden.)
- Der Apfel fällt nicht weit vom Stamm. (The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.)
- Die Blätter des Baumes verfärben sich im Herbst. (The leaves of the tree change colour in autumn.)

In conclusion, the German word "Baum" has a significant place in the German language and is widely used. It has many definitions, opposites, synonyms and examples that depict different aspects of this word.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Baum" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Baum%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>