---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tisch.png
title: Tisch (Table)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Words, Furniture]
---

Tisch (Table) is a versatile piece of furniture that is commonly found in homes, offices, and schools. It is used for various purposes such as dining, studying, writing, and working. The word "Tisch" is one of the most commonly used German nouns that foreigners learn when they start to study the German language.

## Definitions

A Tisch can be defined as a flat surface that is usually supported by four legs or a central pedestal. It comes in different shapes, sizes, and designs. Some Tisch have additional features such as drawers, shelves, or extensions.

## Opposites

There are no direct opposites of Tisch as it is a unique piece of furniture that cannot be easily replaced by anything else. However, it can be used in contrast to words like Stuhl (chair) or Sofa (sofa) that are commonly used in the same context.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms of Tisch such as Esstisch (dining table), Schreibtisch (writing desk), Couchtisch (coffee table), Beistelltisch (side table), and Konferenztisch (conference table). Each of these synonyms describes a Tisch that is designed for a specific purpose.

## Examples

Here are some examples of how the word Tisch can be used in sentences:

- Ich esse am Tisch. (I eat at the table.)
- Der Tisch ist zu klein für uns. (The table is too small for us.)
- Kann ich meinen Laptop auf den Tisch legen? (Can I put my laptop on the table?)
- Wir setzen uns an den Tisch und essen zusammen. (We sit at the table and eat together.)

In conclusion, Tisch is a common and important German word that is used to describe a piece of furniture that is essential in our everyday lives. It is versatile, sturdy, functional, and comes in different shapes, sizes, and designs.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tisch" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tisch%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>