---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Familie.png
title: Familie
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

Familie is a German word that refers to the concept of family. It encompasses the idea of a group of individuals who are related by blood, marriage, or adoption and live together as a unit. Familie represents the fundamental social institution where individuals are raised, nurtured, and supported. It holds a significant place in German culture and is highly valued.

## Opposites

- Einzelgänger (loner): An opposing concept to Familie, Einzelgänger refers to individuals who prefer to live in solitude and do not actively seek or maintain familial relationships.
- Alleinstehend (single): In contrast to Familie, Alleinstehend denotes individuals who are unmarried, have no children, and do not have a family unit in the traditional sense.

## Synonyms

- Verwandtschaft (kinship): A term that is often used interchangeably with Familie, Verwandtschaft signifies the ties and relationships between relatives.
- Sippe (clan): A synonym for family used in a broader sense, Sippe refers to a larger group of extended relatives beyond immediate family members.

## Examples

- Meine Familie besteht aus meinen Eltern, meinem Bruder und mir. (My family consists of my parents, my brother, and me.)
- Ihre Familie feiert jedes Jahr Weihnachten zusammen. (Her family celebrates Christmas together every year.)
- Die enge Verbindung in unserer Familie gibt uns Kraft und Unterstützung. (The close bond in our family gives us strength and support.)

The concept of Familie holds immense importance in German society, forming the basis of social structure and providing a sense of belonging and support for individuals.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Familie" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Familie%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>