and date must be today's date.

---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Glück
date: 2021-09-28

---

Glück is a German word that translates to "luck" in English. It can be defined as a combination of chance, fate, and good fortune. Its opposite would be Pech, which translates to "misfortune" in English. 

There are many synonyms for Glück including Zufriedenheit (satisfaction), Freude (joy), and Erfolg (success). 

Here are some examples of how to use Glück in sentences:

- Ich wünsche dir viel Glück bei deinem Vorstellungsgespräch. (I wish you good luck with your job interview.)
- Es war alles Glück, dass ich die richtigen Antworten wusste. (It was all luck that I knew the right answers.)
- Das Glück war auf unserer Seite heute Abend. (Luck was on our side tonight.)

Overall, Glück is an important concept in German culture and can be used in a variety of contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Glück

---

## Definition:

Glück means "happiness" or "luck" in English. It is a feeling of contentment or satisfaction that arises from achieving or attaining something desirable. It can be a fleeting emotion or a more enduring state of being. 

## Antonyms:

In German, the opposite of Glück is "Unglück," which means "misfortune" or "bad luck." So, if someone is not experiencing Glück, they might be experiencing Unglück.

## Synonyms:

Glück has many synonyms in German, including "Freude" (joy), "Zufriedenheit" (satisfaction), "Wohlstand" (prosperity), and "Erfolg" (success). All of these words represent positive feelings, experiences or situations.

## Examples:

- "Ich hatte heute Glück und habe eine Arbeit gefunden" (I was lucky today and found a job).
- "Gleichzeitig möchte ich Ihnen aber auch viel Glück und viel Erfolg wünschen" (At the same time, however, I would like to wish you much luck and much success).
- "Ich wünsche dir viel Glück auf deinem Weg!" (I wish you much luck on your journey!).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>