---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall.png
categories: [German Word]
tags:  [random]
title: Zufall
---

**Zufall**

**Definition:** Zufall is a German word that translates to "chance" or "randomness" in English. It refers to events or outcomes that occur without any specific cause or intention. The concept of Zufall is commonly associated with unpredictability and the absence of control.

**Opposites:**

- Absicht (intention): While Zufall represents occurrences that happen by chance, Absicht refers to events that are intentionally planned or executed.

- Vorhersehbarkeit (predictability): Zufall signifies the lack of predictability, while Vorhersehbarkeit suggests the ability to anticipate or foresee events with accuracy.

**Synonyms:**

- Gl체ck (luck): Gl체ck is a synonym for Zufall when it pertains to positive chance occurrences, often associated with good fortune or serendipity.

- Schicksal (fate): Schicksal can be used as a synonym for Zufall in cases where events are believed to be predetermined by destiny or a higher power.

**Examples:**

1. "Es war reiner Zufall, dass ich dich im Park getroffen habe." (It was pure chance that I bumped into you at the park.)

2. "Der Gewinner des Lotterie-Jackpots wurde durch Zufall ermittelt." (The winner of the lottery jackpot was determined by chance.)

3. "Unternehmer m체ssen auch auf unvorhersehbare Zuf채lle vorbereitet sein." (Entrepreneurs need to be prepared for unforeseen random events as well.)

Zufall reminds us that not everything in life follows a planned or foreseeable path, and sometimes unexpected events can lead to extraordinary outcomes. Embracing and adapting to Zufall can open doors to new opportunities and experiences.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>