---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stolz.png
title: Stolz (Pride)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german, definition, opposite, synonym, examples]
---

## Definition
Stolz is a German word that translates to "pride" in English. It is a complex concept that encompasses a profound sense of self-worth, dignity, confidence, and satisfaction in one's achievements, qualities, or heritage. Stolz can refer to both an individual's personal pride and a collective pride felt by a community or nation.

## Opposites
While Stolz represents a positive and desirable trait, its opposite is Scham (shame). While Stolz is associated with a healthy sense of self-esteem and self-respect, Scham is rooted in feelings of embarrassment, guilt, or unworthiness.

## Synonyms
Stolz can be closely related to other German words such as Zufriedenheit (contentment), Ehre (honor), Selbstbewusstsein (self-confidence), or Hochachtung (esteem). These words may not have an identical meaning but share certain nuances that contribute to the overall concept of pride.

## Examples
1. Personal Pride: Ein Vater kann Stolz auf die Leistungen seines Sohnes sein. (A father can be proud of his son's achievements.)
2. Cultural Pride: Deutsche sind bekannt für ihren Stolz auf ihre Ingenieurskunst. (Germans are known for their pride in their engineering skills.)
3. Collective Pride: Die Fußballmannschaft gewann den Wettbewerb und füllte das ganze Land mit Stolz. (The football team won the competition and filled the entire country with pride.)

In summary, Stolz encompasses a deep sense of self-worth, dignity, and satisfaction. It is the opposite of Scham and can be associated with words like Zufriedenheit, Ehre, Selbstbewusstsein, or Hochachtung. The examples provided illustrate how Stolz can be experienced on a personal, cultural, or collective level.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stolz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stolz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>