---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Get.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Get to Know the Word "Schadenfreude"
---

## Definition
The German word "Schadenfreude" refers to the pleasure derived from the misfortune or suffering of others. It combines the words "Schaden," meaning harm or damage, and "Freude," meaning joy or pleasure. Schadenfreude suggests a complex mix of emotions, often verging on a sense of malicious glee when witnessing the setbacks or failures of others.

## Opposite
The opposite of Schadenfreude could be empathy or compassion. While Schadenfreude revels in the misfortune of others, empathy allows us to understand and share the emotions of someone experiencing difficult times.

## Synonyms
Some synonyms for Schadenfreude include:
- Gloating
- Malicious joy
- Pleasure in another's pain

## Examples
- Alice couldn't help but feel a twinge of Schadenfreude when she discovered her rival had failed the exam.
- It's not right to take Schadenfreude in someone else's breakup; it's important to offer support and comfort instead.
- John felt a pang of Schadenfreude as he saw his coworker spill coffee on her brand-new shirt.

Schadenfreude can be a complex and often controversial emotion, as it straddles the line between delight and cruelty. Understanding this concept allows us to reflect on our own reactions and motivations, promoting empathy and kindness towards others.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Get" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Get%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>