---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tisch.png
title: "Tisch (Furniture)"
categories: [German]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

"Tisch" is a German noun that means "table" in English. It refers to a piece of furniture that typically consists of a flat horizontal surface supported by legs. Traditionally used for eating, working, and various other purposes, a table provides a stable surface for placing objects or engaging in different activities.

## Opposite

The opposite of a "Tisch" is "Boden" (floor). While a table is raised off the ground, the floor is the lowest surface in a room. Unlike a table, the floor cannot be moved and doesn't have a flat surface for placing objects.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for "Tisch" in German include:

- Esstisch (dining table)
- Schreibtisch (desk)
- Beistelltisch (side table)
- Klapptisch (folding table)
- Gartentisch (garden table)

These synonyms highlight the specific type or purpose of the table, such as a table used for dining, writing, supporting items, or outdoor activities.

## Examples

Here are a few examples illustrating the usage of "Tisch" in German sentences:

1. Bitte stellen Sie das Buch auf den Tisch. (Please place the book on the table.)
2. Der Konferenzraum ist mit einem großen runden Tisch ausgestattet. (The conference room is furnished with a large round table.)
3. Er hat seinen Schreibtisch ordentlich aufgeräumt. (He tidied up his desk.)
4. Komm, lass uns am Gartentisch Kaffee trinken. (Come on, let's have coffee at the garden table.)

Whether it is for studying, dining, or simply gathering around, a "Tisch" plays a significant role in everyday life, providing a designated space for various actions and interactions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tisch" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tisch%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>