---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Eisberg.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german, words]
title: Eisberg

---

Eisberg - this German word might be familiar to you if you've ever studied German, watched Titanic or simply looked up what the word for iceberg is. However, there's more to this word than just a large piece of ice floating in the ocean.

**Definitions**: An Eisberg is a large piece of ice that has broken off from a glacier and is floating in the ocean. In everyday language, Eisberg can also mean something that is large, impressive or seemingly indestructible, but which has hidden dangers or weaknesses.

**Opposites and Synonyms**: The opposite of an Eisberg would be something small and insignificant, whereas synonyms for it might include Gletscher (glacier) or Inselberg (inselberg).

**Examples**: Other than the obvious example of the Titanic hitting an Eisberg, there are many other ways in which this word can be used. For instance, someone might describe a person as an Eisberg if they seem cold and unapproachable on the outside, but actually have a lot of warmth and emotions buried underneath. Additionally, one might say that a company's financial troubles are only the tip of the Eisberg, meaning that there are larger underlying problems that are not yet visible.

So while Eisberg might seem like a simple word at first, it has many layers of meaning and can be used in a variety of contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Eisberg" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Eisberg%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>