---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Befehl.png
title: Befehl
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, synonym, opposite, examples]
---

## Definition

Befehl (noun) refers to a command or order given by someone in a position of authority. It encapsulates the act of instructing and directing others to carry out specific actions. Befehl can be issued by military officers, managers, or anyone in a leading role.

## Synonyms

- Anweisung (noun) - instruction
- Kommando (noun) - command
- Direktive (noun) - directive
- Gebot (noun) - decree

## Opposite

Although there is no direct opposite of Befehl, a contrasting concept could be Autonomie (noun) - autonomy or independence. Autonomie suggests the absence of external commands or orders, allowing individuals freedom to act on their own accord.

## Examples

1. Der General gab den Befehl, diese Mission geheim durchzuführen.  
   (The general gave the order to carry out this mission secretly.)

2. Der Vorgesetzte erteilte den Befehl, die neuen Richtlinien sofort umzusetzen.  
   (The supervisor issued the command to implement the new guidelines immediately.)

3. Auf Befehl des Beamten wurden alle Anwesenden nach draußen begleitet.  
   (Upon the officer's order, everyone present was escorted outside.)

4. Meine Mutter gibt mir den Befehl, das Zimmer aufzuräumen, bevor sie zurückkommt.  
   (My mother orders me to tidy up the room before she returns.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Befehl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Befehl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>