---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freude.png
title: Freude [noun]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [german, vocabulary, emotions]
---

Freude is a German noun that translates to "joy" in English. It is derived from the Middle High German word "vrede," meaning happiness or delight. Freude represents a state of delight or happiness that is experienced internally and expressed externally. This word is often used to describe positive emotions and moments of happiness.

---

## Definitions

- **Joy**: A feeling of great pleasure or happiness.
- **Delight**: A feeling of extreme pleasure or satisfaction.
- **Bliss**: Extreme happiness or delight.
- **Elation**: A state of being happy and excited.

---

## Opposites

- **Leid**: Sorrow or grief.
- **Traurigkeit**: Sadness or unhappiness.
- **Kummer**: Distress or affliction.
- **Depression**: A state of low mood and aversion to activity.

---

## Synonyms

- **Glück**: Luck or fortune.
- **Vergnügen**: Pleasure or enjoyment.
- **Begeisterung**: Enthusiasm or excitement.
- **Zufriedenheit**: Contentment or satisfaction.

---

## Examples

- "Die Freude über ihren Erfolg war unbeschreiblich." (The joy of her success was indescribable.)
- "Er strahlte vor Freude, als er den Preis gewann." (He radiated with joy when he won the prize.)
- "Die Freude der Kinder war ansteckend." (The children's joy was contagious.)
- "Wir teilen unsere Freuden und Sorgen miteinander." (We share our joys and worries with each other.)

---

Learning and understanding words like Freude enriches our vocabulary and allows us to express our emotions more precisely. This word reminds us of the importance of finding and celebrating moments of joy in our lives.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freude" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freude%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>