---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
title: Fahrrad
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, definitions, opposites]
---

Fahrrad is a popular German word used to refer to a bicycle. It is a compound noun made up of two parts "Fahr" which means "ride," and "Rad" which means "wheel." 

**Synonyms:** 

- Radl (used primarily in Bavaria and Austria)
- Zweirad (meaning two-wheeler)
- Drahtesel (literally translates to wire donkey)

**Opposites:**

There are no direct opposites for Fahrrad, but it can be compared with its motorized counterpart, das Motorrad (motorcycle).

**Examples:**

Here are some examples of how the German word Fahrrad can be used in a sentence:

- Ich fahre jeden Tag mit dem Fahrrad zur Arbeit. (I cycle to work every day.)
- Wir haben gestern unser altes Fahrrad repariert. (We repaired our old bicycle yesterday.)
- Kann ich dein Fahrrad für eine kurze Fahrt ausleihen? (Can I borrow your bike for a short ride?)

Overall, Fahrrad is a useful word to have in one's German vocabulary, especially for those who enjoy cycling or live in Germany where bicycles are a common mode of transportation.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
title: Fahrrad [German]
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, antonyms, examples]
---

**Fahrrad** is a German word which means *bicycle*. It is a two-wheeled vehicle that is propelled by pedals and steered with handlebars. In Germany, bicycles are very popular modes of transportation, especially in big cities like Berlin, Munich, and Frankfurt.

**Synonyms:** 
- Rad
- Zweirad

**Antonyms:**
- Auto
- Motorrad

**Example sentences:**
1. Du solltest öfter Fahrrad fahren, um fit zu bleiben. (You should ride a bicycle more often to stay fit.)
2. Gestern haben wir eine lange Fahrradtour unternommen. (Yesterday, we went on a long bike ride.)
3. Ich habe mein Fahrrad gestern zur Reparatur gebracht. (I took my bike to the repair shop yesterday.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>