---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zirkus.png
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
title: Zirkus

---

**Zirkus** (circus) is a German word that originates from the Latin word "circus," meaning a large round arena. In German, it refers not only to a place where circus performances take place, but also to the circus as an institution and traveling show.

**Definition:**

- **Place of Entertainment**: Zirkus primarily refers to a large arena or tent where circus performances are held. It is a place where various acrobatic acts, animal shows, clowns, and trapeze artists entertain the audience.

**Opposites or Synonyms:**

- Opposite: Zirkuslosigkeit (circus-less) refers to the absence of circus or lack of circus-related activities.

- Synonym: Manege (circus ring) is another commonly used word for Zirkus in German. It specifically denotes the circular area within the circus where performances take place.

**Examples:**

- Der Zirkus kommt in die Stadt! (The circus is coming to town!)
- Die Kinder waren begeistert von den Tierdressuren im Zirkus. (The children were thrilled by the animal tricks in the circus.)
- Der Zirkusdirektor plant eine spektakuläre Vorstellung für das Finale der Tournee. (The circus director is planning a spectacular show for the finale of the tour.)

Zirkus is not limited to just the physical location but also encompasses the magic and excitement associated with circus performances. It is a word that evokes joy, wonder, and a sense of spectacle.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zirkus" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zirkus%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>