---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Liebe-.png
title: Liebe 
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition:**

Liebe is a German noun that translates to "love" in English. It is a strong affection or deep emotional attachment towards someone or something. Liebe represents a broad range of feelings, including tenderness, affection, fondness, passion, and care.

**Opposites:**

* Hass (hate): Hate is the opposite of love, representing a strong feeling of dislike and hostility towards someone or something.
* Gleichgültigkeit (indifference): Indifference refers to a lack of interest, concern, or emotion towards someone or something, standing in contrast to the intense emotions associated with love.

**Synonyms:**

* Zuneigung (affection): Zuneigung refers to a warm and fond feeling towards someone or something, akin to love.
* Hingabe (devotion): Hingabe represents the act of giving oneself completely to someone or something, often associated with a strong affection or love.

**Examples:**

1. "Sie sind meine große Liebe." (They are my great love.)
2. "Die Liebe zwischen Eltern und Kindern ist wertvoll." (The love between parents and children is precious.)
3. "Liebe kennt keine Grenzen." (Love knows no boundaries.)
4. "Die beiden sind seit Jahren ineinander verliebt." (The two have been in love with each other for years.)

Liebe is a powerful and complex emotion that plays a significant role in various aspects of life, including relationships, friendships, and personal growth. Through love, people can experience happiness, comfort, and a sense of belonging. It is a universal language that transcends cultures and connects individuals on a deep, emotional level.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Liebe " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Liebe %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>