---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Nachbar.png
title: Nachbar
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Nachbar is a German word that means "neighbor" in English. It refers to a person who lives nearby or in close proximity to someone else, typically in the same building or on the same street. Having good relations with one's neighbors is important for creating a sense of community and fostering a supportive environment.

## Opposites

- Fremder: This word translates to "stranger" in English and refers to a person who is not familiar or connected to a particular place or community. Unlike a neighbor, a stranger may not have any established relationship or interaction with people living nearby.

- Feind: The word "feind" translates to "enemy" in English. Whereas neighbors usually have harmonious relationships built on mutual respect and cooperation, enemies are involved in conflicts and hostility towards one another.

## Synonyms

- Mitbewohner: This word translates to "roommate" in English and refers to a person who shares a living space with others. While not exactly the same as a neighbor, a roommate can have a similar level of proximity and interaction with individuals living nearby.

- Ortsansässiger: The term "Ortsansässiger" translates to "local resident" in English, referring to someone who resides permanently in a particular place. Though not specifically related to neighborliness, being a local resident often implies a level of familiarity and connection with others in the vicinity.

## Examples

1. "Guten Morgen!" rief der Nachbar und winkte freundlich.

   Translation: "Good morning!" shouted the neighbor and waved cheerfully.

   In this example, the interaction between neighbors illustrates a friendly and polite greeting.

2. Ich habe mir beim Nachbarn ein paar Eier geliehen.

   Translation: I borrowed some eggs from the neighbor.

   This example demonstrates a beneficial relationship between neighbors, highlighting the willingness to help and support each other.

3. Die Nachbarschaft in unserem Viertel ist sehr engagiert und organisiert regelmäßige Treffen.

   Translation: The neighborhood in our district is very engaged and organizes regular meetings.

   This example showcases a positive sense of community among neighbors, emphasizing their active involvement in organizing gatherings and events.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Nachbar" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Nachbar%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>