---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fliegen.png
title: "Fliegen"
categories: [verbs]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

"Fliegen" is a German verb that translates to "to fly" in English. It is derived from the noun "Flug" (flight) and is commonly used to describe the action of moving through the air.

## Opposite

The opposite of "fliegen" is "landen" (to land). While "fliegen" refers to the act of flying, "landen" means to touch down or come to rest on the ground or another surface.

**Example:** Die Vögel fliegen hoch am Himmel und werden später auf dem Baum landen. (The birds are flying high in the sky and will land on the tree later.)

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms for the verb "fliegen" in German. Here are a few examples:

- "schweben" (to hover)
- "gleiten" (to glide)
- "flattern" (to flutter)
- "segeln" (to sail)

**Example:** Der Drache schwebt durch die Luft, während die Vögel gleiten und flattern. (The kite hovers through the air while the birds glide and flutter.)

## Examples

Here are some example sentences using the verb "fliegen":

1. Die Flugzeuge fliegen über die Stadt und lassen die Passagiere staunen. (The airplanes fly over the city, leaving the passengers in awe.)
2. Die Schmetterlinge können in den Garten fliegen und die blühenden Blumen bestäuben. (The butterflies can fly into the garden and pollinate the blooming flowers.)
3. Der Papierflieger fliegt weit über das Feld und landet schließlich im Fluss. (The paper airplane flies far across the field and eventually lands in the river.)

Remember, "fliegen" is a versatile verb that can be used to describe various types of flight, from birds soaring in the sky to planes traveling long distances.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fliegen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fliegen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>