---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fenster.png
title: Fenster (Window)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, opposites]

---

As one of the most common household items, the German word 'Fenster' refers to a window. It comes from the Old High German 'Fenestra' which means the same thing. In this post, we will explore the different definitions, synonyms, and opposites of this word.

**Definition**

A Fenster is an opening in a wall or roof of a building that allows light and air to enter. It can have a frame of wood, plastic, or metal and can be opened and closed.

**Synonyms**

- **Glasöffnung:** This translates to 'glass opening' and is another way of referring to a window.
- **Fensterflügel:** This term describes the movable part of a window that opens and closes.
- **Luft- und Lichtdurchlass:** This phrase means 'air and light passage' and is a more technical term for a window.

**Opposites**

- **Verschluss:** This word means 'closure' and is the opposite of a Fenster. It refers to the mechanism that is used to lock or seal a window.
- **Mauer:** Translating to 'wall', this is the opposite of a window. It refers to a solid structure that lacks any openings.

**Examples**

- Das Fenster ist geöffnet. (The window is open.)
- Kannst du bitte das Fenster schließen? (Can you please close the window?)
- Das Fenster ist aus Sicherheitsgründen verriegelt. (The window is locked for safety reasons.)

In conclusion, Fenster is an essential part of any building, and the German language has several ways of referring to it. Knowing the synonyms, opposites, and examples of this word can help you communicate effectively in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fenster" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fenster%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>