---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Später.png
title: Später [German]
categories: [German Language]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

The German word "Später" is an adverb that translates to "later" in English. It is commonly used to indicate a time or event that will occur after the present moment or a scheduled time. 

## Opposite

The opposite of "Später" is "Früher," meaning "earlier" in English. While "Später" refers to a later point in time, "Früher" indicates an earlier point in time.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms for "Später" that can be used interchangeably depending on the context. Some common synonyms include:

- "Nachher": This word is often used in casual conversations and has a similar meaning to "Später."
- "Dann": While "Dann" generally translates to "then" in English, it can also be used as a synonym for "Später" when referring to a later time or event.
- "Danach": This word specifically indicates something happening after another event or time.

## Examples

Here are a few examples of how "Später" can be used in different contexts:

1. Ich komme später zur Party. (I will come later to the party.)
2. Steht das Konzert noch an? - Nein, es wurde auf später verschoben. (Is the concert still happening? - No, it has been postponed to a later time.)
3. Kann ich dir später helfen? Ich bin gerade beschäftigt. (Can I help you later? I am currently busy.)

Overall, "Später" is a versatile word in the German language that allows speakers to express future events or times in a concise manner.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Später" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Später%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>