---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Bereuen.png
title: "Bereuen"
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, words]
---

**Bereuen** is a German verb that means "to regret" in English. It's an emotion that expresses sadness or disappointment about past decisions or actions, often accompanied by a feeling of guilt or remorse.

**Opposites**: 

- **freuen** (to be happy): This verb expresses the opposite emotion of regret. Instead of feeling guilty or sad about something that happened in the past, you feel happy or satisfied with it.

- **erfreuen** (to delight): This verb suggests a heightened sense of joy or enjoyment. It implies that you're not just happy or content, but actively delighted by something.

**Synonyms**: 

- **bedauern** (to lament): This verb is similar to bereuen in that it expresses a sense of sadness or regret. However, bedauern may be used more broadly to express disappointment or pity for other people, not just yourself.

- **reuen** (to rue): This verb is almost a perfect synonym for bereuen, but may imply a slightly stronger sense of remorse or wistfulness.

**Examples**: 

- Ich bereue es, dass ich gestern so spät ins Bett gegangen bin. (I regret staying up so late last night.)
- Sie wird es sicher bereuen, wenn sie das nicht tut. (She'll certainly regret it if she doesn't do that.)
- Ich würde es bereuen, wenn ich meine Freunde nicht besuchen würde. (I'd regret it if I didn't visit my friends.)

In conclusion, Bereuen is a powerful German verb that expresses regret for past decisions or actions. Its nuanced variations in meaning and opposites show how language reflects the complexity of human emotions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Bereuen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Bereuen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>