---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Känguruh.png
title: Känguruh
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

## Definitions

1. A *Känguruh* is a marsupial mammal native to Australia, known for its strong hind legs and its ability to hop long distances. It is similar in appearance to a large rabbit or small deer.

2. In German slang, *Känguruh* is used to describe a person who is restless and constantly on the move. It refers to someone who finds it difficult to settle down in one place or stick to one job or activity.

## Opposites

1. The opposite of a *Känguruh* in its marsupial sense would be a sloth, as sloths are known for their slow movements and spending most of their time hanging from trees.

2. In contrast to a restless *Känguruh* in slang, an opposite could be a person who is content with a settled lifestyle, finding joy in stability and routine.

## Synonyms

1. In German, there are a few synonyms for *Känguruh* in its marsupial sense, such as "Springbeutler" or "Känguru".

2. When referring to a restless person, alternatives to *Känguruh* in slang could include "Ruhelos" (restless), "Unruhegeist" (restless spirit), or "Lebenskünstler" (bohemian).

## Examples

1. "Ich habe gestern im Zoo ein Känguruh gesehen. Es hat so niedlich gehüpft!"
   (Yesterday, I saw a kangaroo at the zoo. It was hopping so cutely!)

2. "Er ist ein echtes Känguruh, immer unterwegs und findet keine Ruhe."
   (He is a real "Känguruh," always on the move and never finding peace.)

3. "Die Managerin ist das genaue Gegenteil eines Känguruhs - immer ruhig und organisiert."
   (The manager is the exact opposite of a "Känguruh" - always calm and organized.)

4. "Mein Bruder ist so ein Känguruh, er springt von einem Job zum nächsten ohne Pause."
   (My brother is such a "Känguruh," hopping from one job to another without a break.)

Note: The word "Känguruh" is spelt with a "h" in German, instead of the usual "g" as in English ("kangaroo").\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Känguruh" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Känguruh%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>