---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Brauchen.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
title: Brauchen
---

## Brauchen

Brauchen, a widely used German word, is a verb that translates to "to need" in English. It is essential for expressing various situations where an item, action, or state is required or necessary. Let's explore the different aspects of this word, including its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples.

### Definitions

1. **To need**: The primary definition of brauchen is to indicate a necessity or requirement. It implies a lack or absence of something without which a desired outcome cannot be achieved.

2. **To use**: Brauchen can also represent using something for a particular purpose, showing the idea of utility or practicality.

### Opposites

- **Haben**: The antonym of brauchen is haben, which means "to have." While brauchen denotes a lack or need for something, haben implies possession or ownership of it.

### Synonyms

- **Benötigen**: Benötigen is a synonym for brauchen, meaning "to require" or "to need." It is often used in a formal context or in writing.

- **Erfordern**: Another synonym for brauchen is erfordern, which denotes a requirement or demand for something. It carries a similar notion of necessity or essentiality.

### Examples

1. Ich brauche Hilfe. (I need help.)
2. Wir brauchen Milch und Butter vom Supermarkt. (We need milk and butter from the supermarket.)
3. Brauchst du einen Stift, um Notizen zu machen? (Do you need a pen to take notes?)
4. Sie braucht ein neues Auto, da ihr altes nicht mehr fahrtüchtig ist. (She needs a new car because her old one is no longer roadworthy.)

Remember, brauchen is a versatile word that encompasses the concept of necessity or requirement. Whether expressing personal needs or discussing practical uses, this word is undoubtedly valuable in everyday German conversations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Brauchen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Brauchen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>