---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Elefant.png
title: Elefant
categories: [German]
tags: [Definition, Opposite, Synonym, Example]
---

## Definition

Elefant means "elephant" in English. It refers to a large, herbivorous mammal from the family Elephantidae. Elephants are characterized by their long trunks, large ears, and ivory tusks. They are known for their intelligence, memory, and social behavior. Elephants are found in Africa and Asia and are considered one of the most majestic and iconic animals in the world.

## Opposite

The opposite of an elephant is a mouse. While elephants are large and strong animals, mice are small and agile rodents. They have different physical characteristics and behaviors. While elephants are known for their long trunks, mice have tiny snouts. Elephants rely on their size and strength, whereas mice rely on their small size and quick movements to survive.

## Synonym

A synonym for "elefant" is "R체sseltier". It is a German word that literally translates to "trunked animal." This synonym highlights one of the defining features of an elephant, which is its long trunk. Both "elefant" and "R체sseltier" refer to the same animal, but the latter word focuses on the unique attribute of its trunk.

## Example

Ein Elefant steht majest채tisch am Fluss und benutzt seinen R체ssel, um nach Wasser zu greifen. (An elephant stands majestically by the river, using its trunk to reach for water.)

The example sentence showcases the grandeur and abilities of an elephant. The elephant's trunk is highlighted as it reaches for water, emphasizing its versatility and dexterity.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Elefant" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Elefant%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>