---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Fahrrad

---

Fahrrad is a German word that means bicycle in English. It is a two-wheeled vehicle that is propelled by pedals. The word is made up of two parts: "Fahr" means ride or drive, and "Rad" means wheel.

**Synonyms:** Rad, Zweirad (two-wheeled), Drahtesel (iron horse), Fahrräder (plural)

**Opposite:** Autos (cars)

**Examples:**

1. Ich fahre gerne mit dem Fahrrad zur Arbeit. (I like to ride my bike to work.)
2. In Berlin gibt es viele Fahrräder. (There are many bicycles in Berlin.)
3. Er hat ein neues Fahrrad gekauft. (He bought a new bike.)

Fahrräder have become increasingly popular in recent years as a sustainable and eco-friendly mode of transportation. They are also a great way to get exercise and fresh air. In Germany, there are many bike paths and lanes dedicated to cyclists, making it a great country to explore on two wheels.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
title: Fahrrad [German Word]
categories: [German Language]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, example]

---

**Fahrrad** is a german word which means **bicycle** in English. A bicycle is a vehicle that is composed of two wheels connected by a frame, and is powered by pedals that the rider operates with their feet.

**Opposite:** The opposite of Fahrrad could be a car or any other motorized vehicle that operates on roads.

**Synonym:** Some synonyms for Fahrrad include Rad, Bike, Zweirad, and Drahtesel.

**Example:** "Ich fahre gerne mit meinem Fahrrad zur Arbeit," which means "I enjoy riding my bicycle to work."\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>