---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück (Happiness)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [glück, happiness, synonyms, opposites, examples]
---

## Definition

Glück is a German noun that translates to "happiness" in English. It refers to a state of joy and contentment. It is the feeling of being fortunate or lucky, experiencing inner satisfaction and peace. Glück is often associated with positive emotions, well-being, and overall life satisfaction.

## Synonyms

1. Freude (joy)
2. Zufriedenheit (contentment)
3. Wohlgefühl (well-being)
4. Erfüllung (fulfillment)
5. Seligkeit (bliss)

## Opposites

1. Trauer (sadness)
2. Unglück (misfortune)
3. Kummer (grief)
4. Elend (wretchedness)
5. Verzweiflung (despair)

## Examples

1. Sie strahlt vor Glück. (She is beaming with happiness.)
2. Das Glück der Kinder ist ihre größte Freude. (The happiness of the children is her greatest joy.)
3. Nach all den Jahren haben sie endlich ihr Glück gefunden. (After all these years, they have finally found their happiness.)
4. Sein Glück ist, Zeit mit seiner Familie zu verbringen. (His happiness is spending time with his family.)
5. Glück besteht oft aus kleinen Momenten großer Freude. (Happiness often consists of small moments of great joy.)

Remember, Glück is more than just a fleeting emotion; it represents a state of well-being and contentment that can be achieved through various aspects of life, relationships, and personal fulfillment. May you always find your own Glück in life!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>