---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Butter.png
title: Butter
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, food]
---

Butter is a common German word that refers to a creamy, yellowish substance that is made from the milk of cows, and which is used as a spread and for cooking. While there are not many synonyms for butter in German, there are some opposite words and several definitions to keep in mind.

### Definitions of Butter

The word butter can be used as a noun or as a verb, depending on the context. As a noun, it refers to the substance itself. Here are some examples:

- "Ich mag mein Brot mit Butter." (I like my bread with butter.)
- "Die Butter ist zu hart zum Streichen." (The butter is too hard to spread.)
- "Hast du genug Butter für den Kuchen?" (Do you have enough butter for the cake?)

As a verb, butter can mean to spread butter on something. For example:

- "Kannst du bitte das Brot buttern?" (Can you please butter the bread?)

### Opposite Words for Butter

While there are not many synonyms for butter in German, there are several opposite words that can be used when describing it. For example, if the butter is too hard, you might describe it as "hart". If it is too soft, you might describe it as "weich". Other opposite words for butter include "gesalzen" (salted) and "ungesalzen" (unsalted).

### Conclusion

So there you have it – a quick primer on the German word butter. Whether you're talking about its definitions, opposite words, or synonyms, there's a lot to know about this creamy, dairy-based spread. So the next time you're in Germany or speaking with a German speaker, impress them with your knowledge of butter!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Butter" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Butter%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>