---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
title: Wasser
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, synonyms, definitions, opposites]
---

**Wasser** is a German word that can be used as a noun or a verb. It means water in English. Water is a clear, colorless liquid that is essential for life on Earth. Humans and other living organisms need water to survive because it plays a critical role in many bodily functions, such as regulating body temperature, transporting nutrients and oxygen, and removing waste.

**Synonyms:** Flüssigkeit, H2O, Nass, Trinkwasser, Regenwasser

**Opposites:** Trocken, ausgetrocknet, wüstenhaft, durstig

**Definitions:**

- Wasser kann flüssig, fest oder gasförmig sein (Water can be liquid, solid, or gaseous)
- Wasser hat verschiedene Anwendungen wie Waschen, Trinken, Schwimmen und Kochen (Water has various uses such as washing, drinking, swimming, and cooking)
- Wasser ist ein wichtiger Bestandteil des Klimasystems (Water is an essential component of the climate system)

**Examples:**

1. Das Wasser ist sehr kalt heute. (The water is very cold today.)
2. Ich kann in tiefem Wasser nicht schwimmen. (I can't swim in deep water.)
3. Wir müssen unsere Pflanzen regelmäßig mit Wasser gießen. (We need to water our plants regularly.)
4. Es gibt viele Möglichkeiten, Wasser zu sparen, wie z.B. das Abstellen des Wasserhahns beim Zähneputzen. (There are many ways to save water, such as turning off the faucet while brushing your teeth.)

In conclusion, **Wasser** is a crucial element for life on Earth. It has numerous synonyms and multiple definitions that are essential to understand. Additionally, it's imperative to save water, considering that it's a limited resource.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>