---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freude.png
title: Freude
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, opposites, examples]
---

## Definitions

- noun: pleasure, joy, happiness, delight
- noun: enjoyment, fun, amusement (as in "Viel Freude haben" - to have a lot of fun)
- noun: excitement, enthusiasm (as in "Freude an etwas haben" - to take pleasure in something)

## Opposites

- Kummer (sorrow)
- Trauer (grief)
- Leid (pain)

## Synonyms

- Glück (happiness)
- Vergnügen (pleasure)
- Begeisterung (enthusiasm)

## Examples

1. Die Freude über ihren Erfolg war unbeschreiblich. (The joy over her success was indescribable.)
2. Er strahlte vor Freude, als er das Geschenk öffnete. (He beamed with joy when he opened the present.)
3. Es macht mir große Freude, Ihnen bei Ihrem Projekt behilflich zu sein. (It gives me great pleasure to assist you with your project.)
4. Die Kinder spielen mit Freude im Park. (The children play with delight in the park.)

Freude is a versatile and positive German word that embodies various emotions such as pleasure, joy, and happiness. It is often used to express delight or excitement in a wide range of contexts. The opposite of Freude would be negative emotions like Kummer (sorrow), Trauer (grief), or Leid (pain). Some synonyms for Freude include Glück (happiness), Vergnügen (pleasure), and Begeisterung (enthusiasm). In everyday conversations, Freude is commonly used to describe the feeling of happiness or to express enjoyment and excitement about an event, experience, or accomplishment.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freude" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freude%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>