---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schlüssel.png
title: Schlüssel (Key)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

1. **Noun** - der Schlüssel: 
   - A small, usually metallic object used to open or unlock something, typically a door or a lock.
   - A means of understanding or solving a problem.
   - A musical note that serves as the tonal center or starting point of a song or composition.

2. **Verb** - schlüsseln: 
   - To decipher or decode something, especially a code or encrypted message.
   - To arrange or organize information systematically.
   - In mathematics, to find a solution or key to a problem or equation.

## Opposites

- Locked (verschlossen)
- Closed (geschlossen)
- Shut (zu)

## Synonyms

- Passkey (der Passschlüssel)
- Code (der Code)
- Solution (die Lösung)

## Examples

1. **Noun**
   - Kannst du bitte den Schlüssel in die Tür stecken? (Can you please insert the key into the door?)
   - Der Schlüssel zur Lösung dieses Rätsels liegt in der Symbolik. (The key to solving this puzzle lies in its symbolism.)
   - Die Melodie beginnt mit einem starken Schlüssel. (The melody starts with a strong key.)

2. **Verb**
   - Er konnte den Geheimcode erfolgreich schlüsseln. (He was able to successfully decipher the secret code.)
   - Ich muss diese Datenbank schlüsseln, um einen Überblick zu erhalten. (I need to organize this database to get an overview.)
   - Der Mathematiker schlüsselte die Gleichung und fand die richtige Lösung. (The mathematician keyed the equation and found the correct solution.)

Remember, the word "Schlüssel" has different meanings depending on its usage as a noun or a verb.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schlüssel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schlüssel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>