---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kraft.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: "Kraft"
---

Kraft

- Definition: Power, strength, force, or energy.
  
    - Example 1: Sein größerer Bruder half ihm mit seiner physischen Kraft, den schweren Gegenstand anzuheben. (His older brother aided him with his physical strength to lift the heavy object.)
  
    - Example 2: Die Naturgewalten demonstrierten ihre Kraft während des Sturms. (The forces of nature showcased their power during the storm.)

- Opposite: Schwäche (weakness)

- Synonyms: Stärke (strength), Energie (energy), Potenz (potential), Macht (power)

The word "Kraft" in German refers to power, strength, force, or energy. It encompasses both physical and metaphorical aspects of strength. Here are some examples and related words:

- Example 1: Sein größerer Bruder half ihm mit seiner physischen Kraft, den schweren Gegenstand anzuheben. (His older brother aided him with his physical strength to lift the heavy object.)

- Example 2: Die Naturgewalten demonstrierten ihre Kraft während des Sturms. (The forces of nature showcased their power during the storm.)

In terms of opposites, "Schwäche" (weakness) is the direct opposite of "Kraft." It represents a lack of strength or power.

Some synonyms for "Kraft" include "Stärke" (strength), "Energie" (energy), "Potenz" (potential), and "Macht" (power). These words can be used interchangeably in different contexts depending on the specific meaning or emphasis desired.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kraft" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kraft%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>