as the random German word "Freizeit" was chosen.

---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freizeit.png
title: Freizeit
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, synonyms, examples]
---

Freizeit is a German word that means "free time" in English. It refers to the time that we have outside of work, school, or other obligations. It is also known as leisure time.

## Definitions
- Free time - time that is not spent on work or other obligations.
- Leisure time - time available to people to use as they please; spare time.

## Synonyms
- Pausenzeit (break time)
- Erholungszeit (recovery time)
- Zeit zum Entspannen (time to relax)

## Opposites
- Arbeitszeit (working time)
- Schulzeit (school time)
- Verpflichtungen (obligations)

## Examples
- In meiner Freizeit lese ich gerne Bücher. (In my free time, I like to read books.)
- In meiner Freizeit spiele ich mit meinen Kindern. (In my leisure time, I play with my kids.)
- Ich genieße meine Freizeit am Wochenende, weil ich dann Zeit habe, um mit Freunden abzuhängen. (I enjoy my free time on the weekend because I have time to hang out with friends.)

Overall, Freizeit is an important concept in German culture, where work-life balance is highly valued. It is a reminder to take a break from the daily routine and enjoy the simple things in life.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freizeit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freizeit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>