---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stadt.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german-word]
title: "Stadt" 

---

**Stadt** [noun] (Category: German Word)

*Definitions*:

1. A *Stadt* refers to a city or urban settlement, typically characterized by a high population density, infrastructure, and various economic and cultural activities. It is an organized community where people live, work, and engage in social interactions. 

2. In German law, the term *Stadt* is also used to denote a municipality that has been granted city status, usually based on specific criteria such as size, population, or historical significance.

*Opposites*:

1. *Dorf* - This word represents the opposite of *Stadt* and translates to "village" or "small town." While a *Stadt* is generally larger and more developed, a *Dorf* refers to a rural settlement with simpler infrastructure and a smaller population.

*Synonyms*:

1. *Metropole* - This term is often used as a synonym for *Stadt* and refers to a large city with significant political, economic, and cultural influence. A *Metropole* is usually a thriving urban center, often home to important institutions and headquarters of businesses.

2. *Großstadt* - Another synonym for *Stadt*, this term denotes a "big city" or "metropolis." It emphasizes the size and significance of an urban settlement, usually with a population exceeding a certain threshold.

*Examples*:

1. München ist eine lebhafte **Stadt** in Deutschland. (Munich is a vibrant **city** in Germany.)

2. Die **Stadt** liegt am Ufer des Rheins. (The **town** is located on the banks of the Rhine.)

3. Mein Bruder zieht in eine große **Stadt**, um eine neue Arbeitsstelle zu finden. (My brother is moving to a big **city** to find a new job.)

4. Berlin ist eine bekannte deutsche **Metropole**. (Berlin is a well-known German **metropolis**.)

In summary, the word *Stadt* encapsulates the concept of a city or urban settlement. It signifies a populous and developed area where people live, work, and engage in various activities. Its opposites include *Dorf* (village) and some synonyms include *Metropole* (metropolis) and *Großstadt* (big city).\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query=""Stadt" " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20"Stadt" %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>