---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freiheit.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Freiheit
---

## Definition
Freiheit (noun) is a German word that translates to "freedom" in English. It refers to the state of being free, unrestricted, or independent. 

## Opposites
- Gefangenschaft (captivity): The opposite of Freiheit is Gefangenschaft, which means being captive or imprisoned. It represents the absence of personal freedom.
- Unterdrückung (oppression): Another antonym for Freiheit is Unterdrückung, which means oppression or suppression. It implies the denial of certain rights or liberties.

## Synonyms
- Unabhängigkeit (independence): Freiheit can be synonymous with Unabhängigkeit, which indicates self-sufficiency or autonomy.
- Selbstbestimmung (self-determination): A related synonym is Selbstbestimmung, which emphasizes the ability to make choices and decisions according to one's own desires and values.

## Examples
- Mit dem Fall der Berliner Mauer gewannen die ostdeutschen Bürger endlich ihre Freiheit zurück. (With the fall of the Berlin Wall, the East German citizens finally regained their freedom.)
- Pressefreiheit ist ein wichtiger Bestandteil einer demokratischen Gesellschaft. (Press freedom is an important component of a democratic society.)
- Die Entscheidung für ein Leben im Ausland gab ihr die Freiheit, neue Erfahrungen zu sammeln. (The decision to live abroad gave her the freedom to gain new experiences.)

Freiheit is a fundamental concept that plays a significant role in society, politics, and individual well-being. It represents the absence of constraints and the ability to act, speak, and think without interference.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freiheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freiheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>