---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Angel.png
title: Angel [noun]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition:**
Angel is a German noun that refers to an "angel" or a "messenger of God." It is commonly used in religious contexts and often represents a celestial being or divine intermediary in various belief systems. Angels are typically associated with benevolence, protection, and guidance.

**Opposite:**
The opposite of "Angel" in German is "Dämon" (demon), which represents an evil or malevolent supernatural being. While angels are seen as divine messengers, demons are often depicted as malicious entities that cause harm or temptation.

**Synonyms:**
Some synonyms for "Angel" in German include "Heiliger" (saint), "Engelwesen" (angelic being), or "Seraph" (seraphim). These terms can be used interchangeably to describe the celestial beings associated with the divine.

**Examples:**
- "Die Engel singen im Himmel." (The angels are singing in heaven.)
- "Der Engel war für die Rettung des Kindes verantwortlich." (The angel was responsible for the child's rescue.)
- "Das Malbuch zeigt Bilder von Engeln." (The coloring book showcases pictures of angels.)

In summary, "Angel" in German refers to an angelic being or divine messenger, associated with benevolence and protection. Its opposite is "Dämon" (demon), while synonyms include "Heiliger" (saint) or "Engelwesen" (angelic being). Examples of usage show the diverse contexts in which this word can be applied.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Angel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Angel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>