---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schönheit.png
categories: [German Word]
tags: [random]
title: Schönheit
---

## Schönheit

Schönheit is a German word that translates to "beauty" in English. This word represents the quality or combination of qualities that pleases the aesthetic senses, especially the sight. Here are some definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples related to Schönheit:

### Definitions
- **(n.)** The quality or combination of qualities that gives pleasure to the senses, especially the eyes.
- **(n.)** A combination of features or characteristics that please the eye and mind aesthetically.

### Opposites
- **Hässlichkeit** - ugliness
- **Entstellt** - disfigured
- **Unattraktiv** - unattractive

### Synonyms
Some synonyms of Schönheit include:
- **Pracht** - magnificence
- **Grazie** - grace
- **Anmut** - charm
- **Edelheit** - elegance

### Examples
- Der Sonnenuntergang bietet eine atemberaubende Schönheit. (The sunset offers breathtaking beauty.)
- Die Schönheit dieses Gemäldes liegt in seinem Detailreichtum. (The beauty of this painting lies in its level of detail.)
- Sie hat eine natürliche Schönheit, die alle beeindruckt. (She has a natural beauty that impresses everyone.)
- Die Schönheit der Natur lässt den Betrachter den Atem anhalten. (The beauty of nature takes the viewer's breath away.)

Remember, Schönheit represents the concept of beauty and all its aspects that bring joy and satisfaction to the senses.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schönheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schönheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>