---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Raum.png
title: Raum
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Raum is a German noun that translates to "space" or "room" in English. It refers to a physical area or place that can be occupied or used for a particular purpose. Raum can also be used in a metaphorical sense to describe a mental, emotional, or abstract space.

## Opposites

- Enge (narrowness): This is the opposite of Raum when referring to physical space. It denotes a confined or restricted area that lacks openness or roominess.
- Begrenzung (limitation): This is the opposite of Raum when referring to abstract or mental space. It implies a restriction or constraint that hinders freedom or expansion.

## Synonyms

- Platz (place): This is a synonym for Raum when referring to physical space. It emphasizes the aspect of a specific location or position that can be occupied.
- Freiraum (freedom space): This is a synonym for Raum when emphasizing the idea of freedom or liberty within a given space. It signifies an area where one can move, express oneself, or act without restrictions.

## Examples

1. "Komm herein und nimm Platz. Hier ist gen端gend Raum f端r uns alle." (Come in and take a seat. There is enough space for all of us.)
2. "Nach dem Umzug hatte sie endlich genug Raum, um ihre k端nstlerischen Talente zu entfalten." (After the move, she finally had enough space to develop her artistic talents.)
3. "Es ist wichtig, sich einen Raum f端r Ruhe und Entspannung zu schaffen." (It is important to create a space for peace and relaxation.)

In conclusion, Raum encompasses the idea of physical and abstract space, allowing for various interpretations and applications. It is a versatile word that can describe the physical dimensions of a location as well as the mental and emotional freedom or restrictions within a given context.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Raum" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Raum%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>