---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freund.png
title: Freund
categories: [german]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, examples]
---

**Definition:**

Freund is a German word which means friend in English. A person who you know, like and trust is called Freund in the German language. In Germany, the word Freund is used for both male and female friends. It's a common word used to describe a close relationship between two people.

**Opposite:**

The opposite of Freund is Feind. Feind means enemy in the German language. While Freund is used to describe a close relationship between two people, Feind is used to describe a strong dislike or hatred towards someone. These two words are often used together to describe the dichotomy of relationships in the German language.

**Synonym:**

There are several synonyms for Freund in the German language. Some of the commonly used synonyms are Kumpel, Kollege, Bekannter and Mitstreiter. These words are used to describe the different types of friendships that one can have. Kumpel is used to describe a casual friendship, while Kollege is used to describe a friendship among co-workers.

**Examples:**

- Meine beste Freundin wohnt in Deutschland. (My best friend lives in Germany.)
- Ich habe viele Freunde in meiner Heimatstadt. (I have many friends in my hometown.)
- Wir sind seit Jahren gute Freunde. (We have been good friends for years.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>