---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Klug.png
title: Klug
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

**Klug** (adj.) is a German word that translates to "clever" in English. It refers to a person who possesses intelligence and quick-wittedness. Being klug implies having good judgment, wisdom, and the ability to solve problems effectively.

## Opposites

The opposite of klug is **dumm**, which means "stupid" or "dumb" in English. While klug represents high intelligence and mental abilities, dumm reflects a lack of intelligence or the inability to think critically.

## Synonyms

Some synonyms for klug include:

- **Intelligent** - Smart, capable of acquiring knowledge and understanding complex concepts.
- **Schlau** - Clever, resourceful, and quick-witted in finding solutions.
- **Raffiniert** - Cunning or crafty, showing cleverness in a skillful and devious way.

## Examples

Here are a few examples highlighting the use of "klug" in various contexts:

1. "Er ist sehr klug und hat immer gute Ratschläge." (He is very clever and always has good advice.)
2. "Die kluge Wahl wäre, das Problem gemeinsam zu lösen." (The intelligent choice would be to solve the problem together.)
3. "Sie ist eine kluge Geschäftsfrau und hat ihren Erfolg hart erarbeitet." (She is a wise businesswoman who has worked hard for her success.)

In conclusion, "klug" represents a highly desirable trait of intellectual ability, quick-thinking, and resourcefulness. Its opposite, "dumm," signifies a lack of intelligence or critical thinking skills. This word is often used interchangeably with synonyms such as "intelligent," "schlau," or "raffiniert" in order to describe individuals with similar qualities.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Klug" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Klug%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>