---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: "Apfel"
categories: [Deutsch]
tags: [Wortschatz]
---

## Definitionen

1. (substantiv) Eine essbare Frucht, die oft rot oder grün ist und einen süßen oder sauren Geschmack hat.
   
## Gegenteile

- Birne
- Orange

## Synonyme

- Obst
- Frucht

## Beispiele

- Ich esse jeden Tag einen Apfel.
- Diese Apfelsorte ist besonders saftig.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
categories: [language, german]
tags: [word]
title: "Apfel"
---

## Definition

Apfel (noun) translates to "apple" in English.

## Opposite

The opposite of Apfel is "Banane" (banana).

## Synonyms

Some synonyms of Apfel include:

- "Kernobst" (pome fruit)
- "Obst" (fruit)
- "Frucht" (fruit)

## Examples

Here are a few examples of how "Apfel" can be used in sentences:

1. Ich esse gerne einen Apfel zum Frühstück. *(I like to eat an apple for breakfast.)*
2. Meine Oma backt leckere Apfelkuchen. *(My grandma bakes delicious apple pies.)*
3. Kannst du mir bitte einen Apfel geben? *(Can you please give me an apple?)*

Note: The word "Apfel" can also be used metaphorically in German idioms and expressions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel [noun]
categories: [German]
tags: [German, Vocabulary]
---

## Definition
"Apfel" is the German word for apple. It is a masculine noun and primarily refers to the fruit of the apple tree. The word "Apfel" can also be used to describe apple-related products or characteristics.

## Opposites
- Birne (pear)
- Orange (orange)
- Banane (banana)

## Synonyms
- Pommes (colloquial term)
- Pomologe (apple expert)
- Obst (fruit)

## Examples
1. Meine Mutter hat einen frischen Apfel vom Markt mitgebracht. (My mother brought a fresh apple from the market.)
2. Ich esse gerne einen Apfel als gesunden Snack. (I like to eat an apple as a healthy snack.)
3. Dieser Kuchen ist mit Äpfeln gebacken. (This cake is baked with apples.)
4. Die Apfelernte war dieses Jahr besonders groß. (The apple harvest was particularly abundant this year.)

Remember to include at least 3 examples for each part of speech.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>