---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definition
Apfel is a German noun that translates to "apple" in English. It refers to the popular fruit that belongs to the Rosaceae family, known for its sweet or sour taste. The word Apfel can also be used to describe the tree that bears the fruit.

### Opposite
The opposite of Apfel is "Birne," which translates to "pear" in English. While both fruits belong to the same family, they have distinct characteristics and flavors.

### Synonyms
Some synonyms of Apfel include "Pomum," "Mela," and "Poma" in Latin, "pomme" in French, and "manzana" in Spanish.

### Examples
- "Ich esse jeden Morgen einen Apfel." (I eat an apple every morning.)
- "Der Apfelbaum im Garten trägt viele Früchte." (The apple tree in the garden bears many fruits.)

In conclusion, Apfel is a versatile word in German that represents the fruit and tree known as "apple" in English. Its opposite is Birne, and it has various synonyms in different languages.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Apfel.png
title: Apfel
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

## Definitions
- (noun) a fruit that is typically spherical, typically green or red in color, and has a crisp flesh and a pitted core
- (noun) a type of tree that bears this fruit

## Opposite
Birne (pear)

## Synonyms
- Obst (fruit)
- Kernobst (pome fruit)

## Examples
1. Eine gesunde Ernährung beinhaltet den Verzehr von Äpfeln. (A healthy diet includes the consumption of apples.)
2. Apfelbäume tragen im Herbst viele Früchte. (Apple trees bear many fruits in autumn.)
3. Der Apfelkuchen riecht köstlich! (The apple pie smells delicious!)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Apfel" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Apfel%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>