---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Random.png
title: Random German Word - "Schadenfreude"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

The randomly chosen German word is "Schadenfreude." This compound word consists of "Schaden" (meaning harm or damage) and "Freude" (meaning joy or pleasure). The word is often used in English as well to describe a specific feeling or emotion.

"Schadenfreude" refers to the pleasure or satisfaction that one derives from the misfortune or suffering of others. It describes the feeling of delight or gloating when witnessing someone else's troubles or failures.

## Opposites

While the concept of "Schadenfreude" does not have a direct opposite, it can be seen as the counterpart to empathy or compassion. Feeling genuine happiness for someone else's success or wellbeing, without any underlying negative emotions, can be considered the opposite of "Schadenfreude."

## Synonyms

Although "Schadenfreude" is a uniquely German term, similar concepts can be found in other languages. Some synonyms for "Schadenfreude" include:

- Gloating
- Malicious enjoyment
- Epicaricacy (an English term derived from the Greek word "epicaricázō," meaning to rejoice at another's misfortune)

## Examples

Here are a few examples illustrating the use of "Schadenfreude" in different contexts:

1. Despite her outwardly friendly demeanor, Emma couldn't hide her Schadenfreude when her competitor's business went bankrupt.
   
2. Jim experienced a sense of Schadenfreude when he found out his ex-girlfriend's new relationship ended in heartbreak.

3. The internet can sometimes foster a culture of Schadenfreude, where people take pleasure in the public humiliation or downfall of others.

4. Sarah's overwhelming Schadenfreude diminished her ability to empathize with her friend who had lost her job.

It is important to note that while "Schadenfreude" can be a natural human emotion, it is generally considered negative and lacks empathy.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Random" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Random%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>