---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
title: Schnell

---

Schnell is a German word that means "fast" in English. It is an adjective and can be used to describe the speed of an action or movement. Schnell is often used in everyday conversations and can be considered a common word in the German language.

Opposites of schnell include langsam (slow) and gemächlich (leisurely). For example, "Er fährt schnell auf der Autobahn" translates to "He is driving fast on the highway." On the other hand, "Er fährt langsam auf der Landstraße" means "He is driving slowly on the country road."

There are also synonyms of schnell that can be used in different contexts. For instance, if you want to describe something as "quick," you can use the word "schnell" or "schnelllebig" - which means fast-paced. Another synonym for schnell is "rasch," which is a bit more formal and can also be used to describe something as speedy.

In addition to being used in everyday language, the word Schnell is also commonly used in German literature and music. It can be found in songs like "Schnelle Liebe" by MIA or in the book "Der Schnelle Bruder" by Eike Christian Hirsch.

To summarize, Schnell is a common German word that is used to describe the speed of an action or movement. Its opposites are langsam and gemächlich, while its synonyms include schnelllebig and rasch. Whether you are reading a book or having a conversation with a German friend, knowing the word Schnell will undoubtedly come in handy.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>