---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schwarz.png
title: Schwarz
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Synonyms, Antonyms, Examples]
---

**Schwarz** is a German word that translates to "black" in English. It is often used to describe the color black or to refer to objects, people, or situations that are dark in hue. Let's explore some of its definitions, opposites, and synonyms, along with a few examples.

### Definitions

- **Black color**: The most common application of "schwarz" is to describe the color black. It represents the absence of light and is the darkest color in the visible spectrum. For example, "Die Nacht ist schwarz" means "The night is black."
- **Dark or gloomy**: This word can also be used metaphorically to signify darkness or a gloomy atmosphere. For instance, "Er fühlte sich in diesem Raum sehr schwarz" means "He felt very dark in this room."

### Opposites

- **Weiß**: The opposite of "schwarz" is "weiß," which means white. While schwarz represents darkness and absence of light, weiß symbolizes lightness and brightness. For instance, "Der Schnee ist weiß" means "The snow is white."
- **Hell**: Another antonym of "schwarz" is "hell," which translates to bright or light. It signifies a lack of darkness or absence of gloominess. For example, "Der Raum ist hell beleuchtet" means "The room is brightly lit."

### Synonyms

- **Dunkel**: "Dunkel" is one of the synonyms of "schwarz" and means dark. It refers to the absence of light or the presence of very low light levels. For example, "Das dunkle Zimmer war gruselig" means "The dark room was creepy."
- **Nacht**: Another synonym that is closely associated with "schwarz" is "Nacht," which means night. This word indicates the time of day when darkness dominates. For instance, "In der Nacht sieht man die Sterne" means "In the night, you can see the stars."

### Examples

- "Das schwarz gefärbte Kleid passt perfekt zu meinem Stil."  
  ("The black-dyed dress perfectly matches my style.")
- "Sie trägt eine schwarz Lederjacke, um sich vor der Kälte zu schützen."  
  ("She wears a black leather jacket to protect herself from the cold.")
- "Die Feder des Raben ist schwarz wie die Nacht."  
  ("The raven's feather is black like the night.")

In conclusion, "schwarz" is a versatile word that primarily represents the color black but can also convey darkness, gloominess, or absence of light. Its opposites include weiß (white) and hell (bright), while its synonyms are dunkel (dark) and nacht (night). This word finds application in various contexts to describe objects, people, or situations associated with darkness or a sense of blackness.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schwarz" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schwarz%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>