---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Auto.png
title: Auto
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition
**Auto** is the German word for "car" or "automobile." It refers to a motor vehicle used for transportation, typically with four wheels, an engine, and seating for passengers. The term "Auto" is widely used and recognized throughout Germany and other German-speaking countries.

## Opposite
The opposite of "Auto" is typically referred to as "Fußgänger" in German, which translates to "pedestrian." While an automobile represents a mode of transport on wheels, a pedestrian denotes a person who travels on foot.

## Synonyms
Some common synonyms for "Auto" include:
- Wagen
- Fahrzeug
- Kraftwagen
- Pkw (Personenkraftwagen)

## Examples
Here are a few examples of how "Auto" can be used in sentences:

1. Ich fahre gerne mit dem Auto zur Arbeit. (I enjoy driving to work by car.)
2. Mein Bruder hat sich ein neues Auto gekauft. (My brother bought a new car.)
3. Können wir dein Auto benutzen, um zum Supermarkt zu fahren? (Can we use your car to drive to the supermarket?)

In summary, "Auto" is a commonly used German word that refers to a motor vehicle, specifically a car or an automobile. Its opposite is a pedestrian, and it has various synonyms such as Wagen, Fahrzeug, Kraftwagen, and Pkw. The examples provided demonstrate its usage in different contexts.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Auto" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Auto%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>