---

layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ausländer.png
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, language, words]
title: Ausländer

---

The word "Ausländer" is a German noun that refers to a foreigner or an alien. It means someone who is not a citizen of the country and who does not have the same legal, political, or social status as the native people. 

The opposite of "Ausländer" is "Inländer," which means a native or a citizen of the country. The term "Inländer" expresses the idea of being rooted in the land, culture, language, and traditions of a particular place. 

There are several synonyms for "Ausländer" in German, such as "Fremder," "Gast," "Besucher," "Zugereister," "Migrant," or "Asylbewerber." Each of these words has a slightly different connotation, depending on the context and the relationship between the foreigner and the host society.

For instance, "Gast" means a guest or a visitor, and it implies a temporary and voluntary stay for a specific purpose, such as tourism, business, or social interaction. "Besucher" means a visitor or a caller, and it suggests a more casual, informal, or unplanned encounter, such as dropping by a museum, a park, or a friend's house. 

"Zugereister" is a word that describes someone who has moved to a new place from somewhere else, and it has a neutral or factual tone, without any positive or negative evaluation of the person's background, motives, or intentions. 

"Migrant" is a more general term that refers to anyone who has left their country of origin to live and work in another country, regardless of whether they have been granted legal permission or not. This term is often associated with the challenges, struggles, or aspirations of the migrants themselves, as well as the social, economic, or political issues that arise from their presence in the host society.

"Asylbewerber" is a specific term that refers to someone who has applied for asylum in Germany, seeking protection from persecution, war, or other forms of violence in their home country. The term "Asylbewerber" is often used in the media and in political debates, and it can carry different connotations, depending on the perspective and the stance of the speaker.

In conclusion, the word "Ausländer" is a common and important concept in the German language and culture, reflecting the country's history, diversity, and openness to the world. However, it should be used with sensitivity and awareness of its potential implications and nuances, and accompanied by other words and expressions that can enrich its meaning and scope.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ausländer" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ausländer%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>