---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glück.png
title: Glück
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

- Das Glück: happiness, luck, fortune
- Die Freude: joy, delight, pleasure
- Der Erfolg: success, achievement
- Die Zufriedenheit: contentment, satisfaction
- Das Wohlgefühl: well-being, comfort
- Die Hochstimmung: euphoria, elation

## Opposites

- Das Pech: bad luck, misfortune
- Die Trauer: sadness, grief
- Die Enttäuschung: disappointment, letdown
- Die Missgeschick: mishap, accident
- Die Hoffnungslosigkeit: hopelessness, despair
- Die Niedergeschlagenheit: dejection, despondency

## Synonyms

- Die Glückseligkeit: bliss, felicity
- Der Segen: blessing
- Das Himmelsglück: heavenly joy
- Die Erfüllung: fulfillment
- Der Jubel: jubilation, cheering
- Die Gnade: grace, mercy

## Examples

1. Heiraten macht ihn glücklich. (Getting married makes him happy.)
2. Lisa fand ihr Glück im Reisen. (Lisa found her happiness in traveling.)
3. Er hatte kein Glück in der Lotterie. (He had no luck in the lottery.)
4. Das Glück war nicht auf ihrer Seite. (Luck was not on her side.)
5. Glück im Spiel, Pech in der Liebe. (Luck in gambling, misfortune in love.)
6. Sie genoss das Wohlgefühl eines gelungenen Tages. (She enjoyed the well-being of a successful day.)
7. Nachdem er seinen Traumjob bekommen hatte, war seine Freude grenzenlos. (After getting his dream job, his joy was boundless.)
8. Der Erfolg seiner Musikkarriere erfüllte ihn mit Stolz. (The success of his music career filled him with pride.)
9. Eine liebende Familie bringt wahres Glück. (A loving family brings true happiness.)
10. Trotz aller Missgeschicke blieb sie immer aufrecht. (Despite all mishaps, she always stayed strong.)

With its various definitions, opposites, and synonyms, the word "Glück" encapsulates the concept of happiness and luck in the German language. Whether it refers to pure joy, contentment, or the feeling of well-being, "Glück" represents the desired state of positive emotions and favorable outcomes. On the other hand, its opposites such as "Pech" or "Trauer" illustrate the unfortunate aspects of life and the absence of happiness. Synonyms like "Glückseligkeit" and "Segen" emphasize the blissful and blessed aspects of "Glück." Examples demonstrate how "Glück" can be attributed to different situations, from personal achievements to finding happiness in simple pleasures.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>