---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Lotto.png
title: Lotto [noun]
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Lotto is a noun in the German language that refers to a game of chance, similar to a lottery. It involves the selection of a set of numbers in the hopes of matching them with the numbers drawn by a random process, such as using numbered balls or a random number generator. Lotto is commonly played by purchasing tickets and waiting for the draw to determine the winning numbers.

## Opposite

The opposite of playing the lottery, or Lotto, would be abstaining from participating in games of chance altogether. This could involve not purchasing any tickets or actively avoiding any form of gambling. By opting out of Lotto, individuals eliminate the possibility of winning a prize but also remove the risk of losing money.

## Synonyms

- Glücksspiel (gambling)
- Zahlenlotto (number lottery)
- Tippschein (lottery ticket)
- Gewinnspiel (contest)

## Examples

1. Ich habe einen Lottoschein gekauft. (I bought a lottery ticket.)
2. Sie hat den Jackpot beim Lotto gewonnen. (She won the jackpot in the lottery.)
3. Er spielt jede Woche Lotto. (He plays the lottery every week.)
4. Die Gewinnchance beim Lotto ist sehr gering. (The chances of winning in the lottery are very low.)
5. Das Lottoergebnis wird heute Abend bekannt gegeben. (The lottery result will be announced tonight.)

In summary, Lotto is a popular game of chance in Germany, where players select numbers and hope to match them with the winning numbers drawn. Playing Lotto can be an exciting pastime, but it's also important to remember that it involves risks and is purely based on luck.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Lotto" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Lotto%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>