---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Flugzeug.png
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [random, word, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
title: Flugzeug
---

## Definition
Flugzeug is a German word that translates to "airplane" in English. It is a compound word consisting of "Flug" which means "flight" and "Zeug" which means "thing" or "device". Therefore, Flugzeug can be defined as a device that is capable of flying or an aircraft designed for air transportation.

## Opposite
The opposite of Flugzeug is "Bodenfahrzeug", which means "land vehicle" or "ground vehicle" in English. While Flugzeug is designed for flying in the air, Bodenfahrzeug refers to any type of vehicle that operates on the ground, such as cars, trucks, or bicycles.

## Synonyms
There are several synonyms for Flugzeug in German, including:
- **Luftfahrzeug**: This term is used more generally for any type of aircraft, including airplanes, helicopters, and gliders. It encompasses all vehicles designed for air travel.
- **Flieger**: This is a colloquial term for an airplane. It is similar to saying "plane" in English and is commonly used in informal conversations.

## Examples
Here are some sentences that demonstrate the use of Flugzeug:

1. "Das Flugzeug hebt gerade ab und fliegt in den Himmel." (The airplane is taking off and flying into the sky.)
2. "Mein Bruder arbeitet als Pilot und fliegt jeden Tag ein Flugzeug." (My brother works as a pilot and flies an airplane every day.)
3. "Ich habe Angst vor Flugzeugen und reise lieber mit dem Auto." (I am afraid of airplanes and prefer to travel by car.)

Flugzeug plays a significant role in modern transportation, allowing people to travel long distances quickly and efficiently.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Flugzeug" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Flugzeug%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>