---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Liebe.png
title: Liebe
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition

Liebe (noun) is a German word that translates to "love" in English. It refers to a deep affection or intense feeling of attachment towards someone or something. Liebe is often associated with strong emotions, care, and tenderness.

## Opposites

- Hass (noun): meaning "hatred" or "animosity," the opposite of Liebe.
- Gleichgültigkeit (noun): meaning "indifference" or "apathy," it represents the opposite of Liebe.

## Synonyms

- Zuneigung: meaning "affection" or "fondness," it is a synonym for Liebe.
- Hingabe: meaning "devotion" or "dedication," it reflects a similar sentiment to Liebe.

## Examples

1. "Ich liebe meinen Partner über alles." (I love my partner more than anything.)
2. "Die Mutterliebe ist eine unerschöpfliche Quelle der Fürsorge." (A mother's love is an inexhaustible source of care.)
3. "Die Liebe zur Musik verbindet Menschen aus verschiedenen Kulturen." (The love for music unites people from different cultures.)

Liebe is a powerful and complex emotion that has inspired countless works of art, literature, and music throughout history. It can be felt towards family, friends, romantic partners, pets, hobbies, or even abstract concepts. This multifaceted word encompasses a wide range of sentiments and experiences, making it an essential part of human connections and relationships.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Liebe" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Liebe%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>