---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Erfolg.png
title: Erfolg
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---
 
**Erfolg**

*Definition:*

Erfolg, in English translated as "success," refers to the accomplishment of an aim or purpose. It signifies the favorable outcome of efforts or the attainment of a desired outcome. Erfolg is often associated with achieving favorable results in personal, professional, or academic endeavors. 

*Opposite:*

The opposite of Erfolg is "Misserfolg," which means "failure" in English. While Erfolg represents a positive and desired result, Misserfolg signifies the lack of achievement or an unfavorable outcome. Whereas Erfolg motivates and inspires, Misserfolg can lead to disappointment or a sense of setback.

*Synonyms:*

Erfolg can be synonymous with words such as "Gelingen" (succeeding), "Triumph" (triumph), "Errungenschaft" (achievement), or "Durchbruch" (breakthrough). These words convey the idea of accomplishing a goal or reaching a desired outcome.

*Examples:*

1. Die Sportmannschaft erzielte einen großen Erfolg, als sie das Finale gewann. (The sports team achieved great success when they won the final.)
2. Nach jahrelanger harter Arbeit konnte sie endlich ihren beruflichen Erfolg feiern. (After years of hard work, she could finally celebrate her professional success.)
3. Sein Erfolg als Autor war der Höhepunkt seiner Karriere. (His success as an author was the peak of his career.)

Erfolg is a word that represents the achievement of goals and the realization of dreams. It serves as a reminder of the positive outcomes that can result from determination, hard work, and perseverance.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Erfolg" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Erfolg%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>