---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Streit.png
title: Streit (Squabble)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonym, example]
---

## Definition
Streit (pronounced: sht-ryt) is a German noun that translates to "squabble" in English. It refers to a heated argument or conflict between two or more individuals. Streit typically involves verbal disputes, disagreements, or clashes of different opinions.

## Opposite
The opposite of Streit is Harmonie (Harmony). While Streit signifies turmoil and disagreement, Harmonie represents peace, agreement, and a sense of unity among people. 

## Synonym
A synonymous term for Streit is Auseinandersetzung, which also means "dispute" or "controversy" in German. Both words refer to conflicts or disagreements between individuals or groups.

## Examples
1. Die Geschwister hatten einen Streit über das Erbe ihres Vaters. (The siblings had a squabble over their father's inheritance.)
2. Der Streit in der Firma führte zur Entlassung mehrerer Mitarbeiter. (The conflict in the company resulted in the dismissal of several employees.)
3. Das Ehepaar versöhnte sich nach einem langen Streit und beschloss, ihre Beziehung zu retten. (The couple reconciled after a long squabble and decided to save their relationship.)

In conclusion, Streit is a German word used to describe heated arguments or quarrels. Its opposite is Harmonie, which signifies peace and agreement. A synonym for Streit is Auseinandersetzung, both referring to disputes or controversies. The provided examples illustrate different scenarios where Streit is used in everyday conversations or situations.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Streit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Streit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>