---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/German.png
title: German Word - "Fenster" (Window)
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [german, word, window]
---

### Definition

The German word "Fenster" translates to "window" in English. It refers to an opening in the wall of a building that allows light, air, and sound to pass through. Fensters vary in size, shape, and design depending on the architecture and purpose of a building. They play a crucial role in maintaining ventilation, providing natural light, and offering views of the outside world.

### Opposites

While there is no exact opposite of "Fenster," one can refer to a sealed or closed fenster as the opposite. In such cases, the closure obstructs any outside elements from entering the room, like light, air, or sound. Windows can be opened or closed, and their opposite state depends on the context.

### Synonyms

Some common synonyms for "Fenster" (window) are:

- "Guckloch" (porthole)
- "Fensterglas" (windowpane)
- "Sprossenfenster" (mullioned window)
- "Fensterscheibe" (window glass)
- "Lichtöffnung" (light opening)

### Examples

Here are a few examples of how "Fenster" can be used in sentences:

1. Ich öffnete das Fenster, um frische Luft hereinzulassen. (I opened the window to let fresh air in.)
2. Die Sonne scheint durch das Fenster und beleuchtet den Raum. (The sun shines through the window, illuminating the room.)
3. Ich schließe die Fenster, wenn es draußen zu laut ist. (I close the windows when it's too noisy outside.)
4. Das Fenster in meinem Schlafzimmer hat einen Riss im Glas. (The window in my bedroom has a crack in the glass.)
5. Die Fenster in diesem historischen Bauwerk sind wunderschön verziert. (The windows in this historical structure are beautifully adorned.)

Remember, "Fenster" is an essential part of buildings, providing us with connections to the outside world while preserving the comforts of our indoor spaces.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="German" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20German%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>