---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Abfluss.png
title: Abfluss
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German]
---

## Abfluss

Abfluss is a common German noun that translates to "drain" in English. It is primarily used to refer to the drainage system or the act of draining liquid. Here are some additional definitions, opposite terms, synonyms, and examples:

### Definitions

- **Drainage system**: Abfluss is commonly used to denote the plumbing or drainage system in a building. It refers to the pipes, gutters, or channels that carry away water or waste liquids.

- **Overflow**: Abfluss can also refer to an overflow or discharge of liquid, such as from a sink, tub, or toilet.

- **Outlet**: Another definition of Abfluss is "outlet." It represents the point where water or any other liquid exits or flows out from a specific area.

### Opposites

- **Zufluss**: The opposite term for Abfluss is Zufluss, which means "inflow" or "inlet." While Abfluss represents the outflow of liquid, Zufluss refers to the inflow or entrance point for liquids.

### Synonyms

- **Ausguss**: Ausguss is a synonym for Abfluss and refers to a drain or outlet.

- **Ablauf**: Ablauf is another synonym used to signify the outflow or drainage of liquid.

### Examples

- "Der Abfluss in meiner Küchenspüle ist verstopft." (The drain in my kitchen sink is clogged.)

- "Bitte stellen Sie sicher, dass alle Abflüsse frei und funktionstüchtig sind." (Please ensure that all drains are clear and functional.)

- "Die Installation eines hochwertigen Abflusssystems ist wichtig für den Schutz vor Wasserschäden." (The installation of a high-quality drainage system is important for protection against water damage.)

By understanding the various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of Abfluss, you can effectively incorporate this word into your German vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Abfluss" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Abfluss%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>