---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freund.png
title: "Freund"
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [German, Definitions, Opposites, Synonyms, Examples]
---

#### Definition

Freund is a German noun that translates to "friend" in English. It refers to a person with whom one has a close and affectionate bond.

#### Opposites

The opposite of Freund is Feind, which means "enemy" in English. While a Freund creates positive and supportive connections, a Feind represents hostility and opposition.

#### Synonyms

There are various synonyms for Freund in German, such as:

1. Kumpel: This term is often used in a colloquial context to describe a close friend or buddy.
2. Bekannter: Translated as "acquaintance" in English, this word refers to someone you know but may not have a deep personal bond with.
3. Kollege: Although primarily indicating a colleague or coworker, Kollege can also refer to someone who is a friend within a professional setting.

#### Examples

Here are a few sentences demonstrating the use of the word Freund:

1. Mein bester Freund begleitet mich schon seit der Kindheit. (My best friend has been with me since childhood.)
2. Sarah und Anna sind sehr gute Freundinnen. (Sarah and Anna are very good friends.)
3. Ich habe gestern meinen neuen Freund vorgestellt. (Yesterday, I introduced my new friend.)

In German culture, friendship is highly valued, and the bond between friends is often considered to be strong and long-lasting.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freund" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freund%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>