---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
title: Schnell
categories: [german]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

# Schnell

Schnell is a German word that means "fast" or "quick." It can be used to describe the speed of an action, task, or movement. In various contexts, Schnell can have different meanings, opposites, and synonyms. Let's explore its versatility:

## Definitions

1. **Fast**: Schnell is commonly used to indicate rapidity or swiftness. For example, "Ich laufe schnell" (I run fast) or "Das Auto fährt schnell" (The car drives quickly).

## Opposites

1. **Langsam**: The opposite of Schnell is Langsam, which means "slow." For instance, "Ich gehe langsam" (I walk slowly) or "Der Zug fährt langsam" (The train goes slowly).

## Synonyms

1. **Rasch**: An alternative to Schnell is Rasch, which also translates to "fast" or "quick." For instance, "Die Entscheidung muss rasch getroffen werden" (The decision must be made quickly).

2. **Flott**: Flott is another synonym for Schnell, commonly used to mean "speedy" or "quick." For example, "Wir müssen flott sein" (We need to be fast).

## Examples

1. "Der Marathonläufer rennt schnell und gewinnt das Rennen." (The marathon runner runs fast and wins the race).

2. "Die Züge in Japan sind bekannt für ihre Schnelligkeit." (The trains in Japan are famous for their speed).

3. "Bitte erledigen Sie diese Aufgabe so schnell wie möglich." (Please complete this task as quickly as possible).

By using Schnell, you can express the idea of speed or quickness in various situations. Remember to consider its opposite, Langsam, and the synonyms Rasch and Flott to add more variety to your vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>