---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zufall.png
title: Zufall [German Word]
categories: [Vocabulary]
tags: [random, word, German]
---

## Definitions

1. (noun) Der Zufall - random event, coincidence, chance happening.  
   Example: Ich traf meinen alten Freund im Supermarkt durch Zufall. (I met my old friend at the supermarket by chance.)

2. (noun) Das Schicksal - fate, destiny.  
   Example: Das Schicksal bestimmte, dass sie sich nie wieder sehen würden. (Fate determined that they would never see each other again.)

## Opposites

- Planmäßig - planned  
  Example: Der Unfall war nicht vorhersehbar, er geschah ganz spontan und nicht planmäßig. (The accident was unpredictable, it happened spontaneously and was not planned.)

- Gezielt - targeted  
  Example: Er traf gezielt die richtige Entscheidung, um den Zufall auszuschließen. (He made a targeted decision to exclude chance.)

## Synonyms

- Zufallsereignis - random event  
  Example: Die Lotterie basiert auf Zufallsereignissen. (The lottery is based on random events.)

- Schwankung - fluctuation  
  Example: Die Aktienkurse zeigen tägliche Schwankungen, die dem Zufall unterliegen. (Stock prices show daily fluctuations that are subject to chance.)

## Conclusion

Zufall, as a German word, encompasses the concept of random events, coincidences, and chance happenings. It represents the unpredictable nature of life and highlights the influence of fate or destiny. The opposite of Zufall would be something planned or targeted, indicating a deliberate and predetermined outcome. Synonyms like Zufallsereignis and Schwankung further express the notion of random occurrences and fluctuations. With its multifaceted meanings, Zufall captures the essence of unexpected events in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zufall" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zufall%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>