---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
title: Stuhl
categories: [German]
tags: [Definition, Opposite, Synonym, Example]
---

## Definition

Stuhl is a common German word that translates to "chair" in English. It refers to a piece of furniture designed for one person to sit on, typically having four legs and a backrest. Stuhls are commonly found in homes, offices, restaurants, and various other establishments.

## Opposite

The opposite of Stuhl is "Tisch" which means "table" in English. While a Stuhl is used for sitting, a Tisch is used for placing objects such as plates, books, or other belongings.

## Synonym

A synonym for Stuhl is "Sessel" which can be translated as "armchair" or "easy chair" in English. While both Stuhl and Sessel refer to seating furniture, Sessel typically has additional comfort features such as armrests and upholstered cushioning.

## Example

Here's an example sentence using the word Stuhl:

- Ich setze mich auf den Stuhl, um am Schreibtisch zu arbeiten. (I sit on the chair to work at the desk.)

Remember, Stuhl simply means "chair" in English and is a fundamental piece of furniture found in various environments for sitting purposes.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
title: Stuhl
categories: [German Word]
tags: [definition, synonym, opposite, examples]
---

## Definition
"Stuhl" is the German word for "chair." It refers to a piece of furniture with a raised surface, commonly used for sitting. 

## Synonyms
- Sessel (armchair)
- Bank (bench)
- Hocker (stool)

## Opposite
The opposite of "Stuhl" would be "Boden," which means "floor" or "ground." 

## Examples
1. Kannst du mir bitte einen Stuhl bringen? (Can you please bring me a chair?)
2. Mein Stuhl ist sehr bequem. (My chair is very comfortable.)
3. Der Stuhl ist aus Holz. (The chair is made of wood.)

In everyday life, the word "Stuhl" is commonly used and easily understood by German speakers, as it represents a simple and essential piece of furniture.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>