---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fahrrad.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Fahrrad (Bicycle)
---

## Definitions

- Das Fahrrad: A two-wheeled vehicle propelled by pedals, used for transportation or recreational purposes.

## Opposites

- Das Auto: The opposite of a bicycle, a four-wheeled motor vehicle used for transportation.
- Das Motorrad: A motorized two-wheeler, also known as a motorcycle.
- Das Rollschuh: A pair of roller skates used as a means of transportation or for recreational activities.

## Synonyms

- Das Rad: Often used colloquially to refer to a bicycle in German.
- Das Zweirad: Literally translating to "two-wheel," this term is used interchangeably with Fahrrad.
- Das Drahtesel: A playful nickname for a bicycle, meaning "wire donkey" in English.

## Examples

- "Ich fahre jeden Morgen mit dem Fahrrad zur Arbeit." (I ride my bicycle to work every morning.)
- "Lass uns heute eine Fahrradtour durch den Park machen!" (Let's go on a bike ride through the park today!)

Fahrrad is an essential mode of transportation and a popular recreational vehicle in Germany. With an extensive network of bicycle paths and a culture promoting eco-friendly transportation, the bicycle plays a significant role in daily life. Whether for commuting or enjoying leisure time, many Germans rely on their Fahrräder to navigate through bustling city streets or explore beautiful countryside landscapes.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fahrrad" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fahrrad%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>