---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schönheit.png
title: "Schönheit"
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

The word "Schönheit" in German translates to "beauty" in English. It refers to the quality or characteristic of being aesthetically pleasing or attractive. Schönheit can be appreciated in various forms, such as physical appearance, art, nature, or even personal qualities.

## Opposites

- Hässlichkeit (ugliness): This term represents the opposite of Schönheit, denoting the lack of attractiveness or beauty in something or someone.
- Unansehnlichkeit (unattractiveness): It describes the absence of charm or desirability in a particular object or individual.

## Synonyms

- Anmut (grace): This word stands for elegance and charm, often associated with beauty.
- Attraktivität (attractiveness): It refers to the quality of being appealing or inviting visually, emotionally, or intellectually.

## Examples

- "Sie strahlt Schönheit aus." (She exudes beauty.)
- "Die Schönheit der Natur ist unvergleichlich." (The beauty of nature is incomparable.)
- "Dieses Gemälde zeigt die Schönheit der Farben." (This painting showcases the beauty of colors.)
- "Wahre Schönheit kommt von innen." (True beauty comes from within.)

Schönheit is a concept that varies from person to person, as it is subjective and influenced by individual preferences and cultural norms. It is often celebrated and sought after, serving as a source of inspiration and admiration in various aspects of life.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schönheit" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schönheit%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>