---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Haften.png
title: "Haften"
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
---

## Haften

Haften is a German verb that has several meanings and can be used in different contexts. Let's explore its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples:

### Definitions:

1. To adhere or stick: This meaning refers to the act of making something stick or cling to a surface. For instance, "Die Klettverschlüsse haften am Stoff" (The Velcro sticks to the fabric).

2. To be legally liable or responsible: In legal terms, haften is often used to express liability or responsibility for something. For example, "Der Schuldner haftet für seine Schulden" (The debtor is liable for his debts).

### Opposites:

1. Abstoßen (to repel): While haften means to stick, abstoßen means the opposite—to repel or push away.

2. Loslösen (to detach): If haften signifies to adhere, loslösen represents the act of detaching or separating.

### Synonyms:

1. Kleben (to glue): Kleben can be used interchangeably with haften to express the action of making something stick or adhere.

2. Anhaften (to cling): Anhaften is another synonym of haften and is often used to convey the idea of clinging or sticking to a surface.

### Examples:

1. Der Aufkleber haftet gut auf dem Glas. (The sticker adheres well to the glass.)
2. Er haftet für die Schäden, die durch seine Fahrlässigkeit verursacht wurden. (He is liable for the damages caused by his negligence.)
3. Die Schokoladenreste haften an der Verpackung. (The chocolate remains cling to the packaging.)

Haften is a versatile word that can be used in a variety of contexts, from describing physical adhesion to legal and financial responsibilities. Its opposites are abstoßen and loslösen, while its synonyms are kleben and anhaften.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Haften" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Haften%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>