---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zylinder.png
title: Zylinder

categories: [German Word]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Definition
Zylinder (noun) is a German word that translates to "cylinder" in English. It refers to a geometric shape that has two parallel circular bases connected by a curved lateral surface. In addition to its geometric meaning, Zylinder also has several other definitions and interpretations.

## Opposites
Although Zylinder does not have a direct opposite, it can be seen as the opposite of a Würfel (cube) or Quader (rectangular prism) due to their contrasting shapes. While a Zylinder has curved surfaces with circular bases, a Würfel has straight edges and right angles.

## Synonyms
Some synonyms for Zylinder include Röhre (tube), Rolle (roll), and Säule (column). These terms can be used interchangeably in various contexts, depending on the specific characteristics of the object being referred to.

## Examples
1. Ein Zylinder aus Pappe: This translates to "A cardboard cylinder" in English. Here, Zylinder refers to a hollow tube-shaped object made of cardboard.
2. Der Motor hat einen Kolben-Zylinder-Satz: This means "The engine has a piston-cylinder assembly." In this example, Zylinder represents the cylinder component of the engine, which houses the piston.

Zylinder is a versatile word that can be used in different domains, such as mathematics, engineering, and everyday life. It describes a specific shape but also embodies various concepts and objects related to cylindrical structures.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zylinder" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zylinder%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>