---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glücklich.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Glücklich

---

### Definition:
Glücklich is a german word that translates to "happy" in English. It is used to describe a feeling of joy, contentment, and satisfaction.

### Opposite:
The opposite of glücklich is "unglücklich," which means "unhappy" or "unfortunate."

### Synonyms:
Some synonyms for glücklich include "zufrieden" (satisfied), "freudig" (joyful), and "erfreut" (delighted).

### Examples:
1. Nachdem sie die gute Nachricht gehört hatte, war sie glücklich. (After hearing the good news, she was happy.)
2. Er war überglücklich, als seine Mannschaft das Spiel gewann. (He was overjoyed when his team won the game.)
3. Die kleinen Kinder lachten fröhlich und waren glücklich. (The little children laughed happily and were content.)

Glücklich is a versatile word that can be used in many contexts to express feelings of happiness and joy.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glücklich" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glücklich%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glücklich.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]
title: Glücklich

---

## Glücklich

**Definition:** Glücklich is a German word that translates to "happy" in English. It refers to a state of joy, contentment, and overall positive emotions.

**Opposite:** The opposite of glücklich is unglücklich, which means "unhappy" or "sad" in English. It represents a state of dissatisfaction, despair, and negative emotions.

**Synonyms:** Some synonyms for glücklich include froh (cheerful), zufrieden (satisfied), and erfreut (delighted).

**Examples:**

1. Ich bin so glücklich, dass ich meinen Traumjob bekommen habe. (I am so happy that I got my dream job.)
2. Sie strahlt vor Glück, seit sie ihren Verlobungsring erhalten hat. (She is beaming with happiness since she received her engagement ring.)
3. Trotz aller Schwierigkeiten im Leben, versuche ich immer glücklich zu bleiben. (Despite all the difficulties in life, I always try to stay happy.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glücklich" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glücklich%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>