---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schön.png
title: Schön
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Schön

Schön is a German word that translates to "beautiful" or "nice" in English. It is an adjective that describes something or someone as aesthetically pleasing or attractive. In addition to its literal meaning, the word can also be used to express positive sentiments, such as appreciation, admiration, or satisfaction.

### Definitions:
- Beautiful: Schön denotes something that possesses qualities that appeal to the senses, particularly visual beauty. It describes objects, people, or even concepts that are pleasant to behold.

### Opposites:
- Hässlich (Ugly): The opposite of schön is hässlich, which means "ugly." Unlike schön, this word carries negative connotations and describes something that is visually unappealing or unpleasant.

### Synonyms:
- Hübsch (Pretty): Hübsch can be used as a synonym for schön. Both words convey the idea of attractiveness, though hübsch often refers to objects or people who are delicately pretty.

### Examples:
1. Das ist ein schönes Haus. (That is a beautiful house.)
2. Sie trägt ein schönes Kleid. (She is wearing a beautiful dress.)
3. Der Sonnenuntergang am Strand war wunderschön. (The sunset at the beach was stunningly beautiful.)
4. Die Blumen in ihrem Garten sind alle schön. (The flowers in her garden are all beautiful.)
5. Sie macht schöne Musik. (She makes beautiful music.)

Schön is a versatile word that can be used to describe a wide range of things, from physical appearances to abstract concepts. It is a positive and commonly used term in the German language, frequently employed to express admiration or to appreciate the beauty in the surrounding world.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schön" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schön%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>