---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freude.png
title: Freude
categories: [German]
tags: [word]
---

**Freude**

**Definition:**

Freude (noun) - happiness; joy; delight.

**Opposite:**

Leid (noun) - sorrow; sadness; suffering.

**Synonyms:**

1. Glück (noun) - good fortune; luck; bliss.
2. Begeisterung (noun) - enthusiasm; excitement; passion.
3. Wonne (noun) - bliss; ecstasy; rapture.

**Examples:**

1. Die Geburt eines Kindes bringt den Eltern große Freude. (The birth of a child brings great joy to the parents.)
2. An ihrem letzten Geburtstag überraschten ihre Freunde sie mit einer Party voller Freude. (On her last birthday, her friends surprised her with a joyful party.)
3. Die Freude am Reisen führte sie dazu, viele verschiedene Länder zu besuchen. (The joy of traveling led her to visit many different countries.)
4. Er konnte seine Freude kaum verbergen, als er das Geschenk auspackte. (He could hardly contain his delight as he unwrapped the present.)
5. Die Freude in ihren Augen war unübersehbar, als sie die gute Nachricht erhielt. (The happiness in her eyes was unmistakable when she received the good news.)

Freude is a beautiful German word that encompasses the feelings of happiness, joy, and delight. It is the opposite of Leid, which represents sorrow and sadness. There are also various synonyms for Freude, including Glück, Begeisterung, and Wonne, each expressing different shades of happiness and bliss. The examples above illustrate different contexts in which Freude can be used, from the joy brought by the birth of a child to the delight of receiving good news or experiencing the excitement of traveling. Embrace the Freude in your life and let it bring more happiness and positivity.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freude" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freude%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>