---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glücklich''.png
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [synonyms, opposites, examples]
title: ''Glücklich'' (Happy)
---

## Definition

"Glücklich" is a German adjective that translates to "happy" in English. It is derived from the noun "Glück" which means luck or fortune. In its adjective form, "Glücklich" describes a feeling or state of joy, contentment, or satisfaction.

## Opposite

The opposite of "glücklich" is "unglücklich," which translates to "unhappy" in English. While "glücklich" represents positive emotions and well-being, "unglücklich" indicates negative emotions such as sadness, dissatisfaction, or unhappiness.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms for "glücklich" in the German language. Some common alternatives include:

- Zufrieden (content)
- Zufriedenstellend (satisfying)
- Freudig (joyful)
- Erfreut (delighted)

## Examples

Here are a few examples of how to use "glücklich" in sentences:

1. Ich bin glücklich, dass ich den Job bekommen habe. (I am happy that I got the job.)
2. Sie sehen heute besonders glücklich aus. (You look particularly happy today.)
3. Die neu gewonnene Freundschaft macht mich glücklich. (The newly formed friendship makes me happy.)
4. Wir waren alle sehr glücklich über den Erfolg unseres Teams. (We were all very happy about the success of our team.)

Remember, spreading happiness and being glücklich is beneficial not only for oneself but also for those around us!\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="''Glücklich''" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20''Glücklich''%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>