---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Frühstück.png
title: "Frühstück"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

### Definitions:

Frühstück is a German noun that means "breakfast" in English. It is derived from the combination of the words "früh" (early) and "Stück" (piece). It refers to the first meal of the day typically eaten in the morning.

### Opposites:

The opposite of Frühstück or breakfast can be considered "Abendessen" (dinner) as it is the final meal of the day eaten in the evening. While breakfast breaks the fasting period of the night and provides energy for the day, dinner concludes the day's meals and is usually heartier.

### Synonyms:

Some common synonyms for Frühstück in the German language include:

- Morgenessen
- Morgenmahl
- Vormittagsmahl
- Frühmahlzeit

### Examples:

Here are a few examples of sentences using the word Frühstück:

1. Ich esse gerne ein gesundes Frühstück mit Müsli, Joghurt und frischem Obst. (I enjoy having a healthy breakfast with muesli, yogurt, and fresh fruit.)
2. Das Hotel bietet ein reichhaltiges Frühstücksbuffet für seine Gäste an. (The hotel offers a rich breakfast buffet for its guests.)
3. Wir treffen uns morgen zum gemeinsamen Frühstück im Café um 9 Uhr. (We are meeting tomorrow for a shared breakfast at the café at 9 o'clock.)

Frühstück is not only a meal but an essential part of German culture, representing a time for socializing and starting the day on a positive note.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Frühstück" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Frühstück%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>