---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Schnell.png
categories: [german]
tags: [word]
title: Schnell
---

## Schnell

**Definition:** The German word "schnell" means "fast" in English. It is an adjective and can be used to describe the speed or tempo of something or someone.

**Opposite:** The opposite of "schnell" is "langsam," which translates to "slow." These two words are antonyms and describe contrasting speeds or tempos.

**Synonyms:** Some synonyms of "schnell" include "rasch" (quick), "flink" (agile), "zügig" (swift), and "fix" (rapid). These words can be used interchangeably with "schnell" to express the same or similar meanings.

**Example 1:** Der Zug fuhr schnell zum Bahnhof. (The train traveled fast to the station.)

**Example 2:** Sie lief schnell, um den Bus noch zu erwischen. (She ran quickly to catch the bus.)

**Example 3:** Das Auto beschleunigte schnell auf der Autobahn. (The car quickly accelerated on the highway.)

**Note:** "Schnell" can also be used as an adverb to modify verbs directly. In this case, it does not change its form and remains the same.

**Example 4:** Er arbeitet schnell. (He works fast.)

**Example 5:** Ich besorgte die Einkäufe schnell. (I quickly got the groceries.)

Overall, "schnell" is a versatile word that allows you to express the concept of speed in various contexts. Whether you want to describe how fast something moves or how quickly someone performs a task, "schnell" is a useful word to add to your vocabulary.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Schnell" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Schnell%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>