---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freude.png
title: Freude
categories: [German]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

## Freude

**Definitions:**

- Joy
- Happiness
- Delight

**Opposites:**

- Traurigkeit (Sadness)
- Unglück (Misfortune)
- Leid (Suffering)

**Synonyms:**

- Glück (Luck)
- Vergnügen (Pleasure)
- Wonne (Bliss)

**Examples:**

- Ich fühle große Freude, wenn ich Zeit mit meiner Familie verbringe. (I feel great joy when I spend time with my family.)
- Die Freude am Leben sollte man jeden Tag spüren. (The joy of life should be felt every day.)
- Seine Worte brachten mir eine unbeschreibliche Freude. (His words brought me an indescribable joy.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freude" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freude%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freude.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german, vocabulary]
title: Freude
---

## Freude

**Definition:** Freude is a German word that translates to "joy" in English. It signifies a feeling of happiness or contentment.

**Opposite:** The opposite of Freude is *Traurigkeit* , which means "sadness". When a person experiences Freude, they are happy and have a positive outlook on life. On the other hand, when they feel Traurigkeit, they are sad and experiencing negative emotions.

**Synonyms:** Some synonyms of Freude include *Glück* (happiness), *Frohmut* (cheerfulness), and *Vergnügen* (pleasure).

**Examples:** 
- Ich fühle Freude, wenn ich Zeit mit meiner Familie verbringe. (I feel joy when I spend time with my family.)
- Das Konzert hat mir große Freude bereitet. (The concert brought me great joy.)
- Es ist wichtig, die kleinen Freuden des Lebens zu schätzen. (It is important to appreciate the small joys in life.)\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Freude" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Freude%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>