---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Affe.png
categories: [German Words]
tags: [random, vocabulary]
title: Affe

---

### Definitions

1. (noun) - Monkey or ape.

### Opposites

1. (noun) - Mensch (human)

### Synonyms

1. (noun) - Primat (primate), Menschenaffe (great ape)

### Examples

1. Der Affe kletterte geschickt den Baum hinauf. (The monkey skillfully climbed up the tree.)
2. Schau mal, wie niedlich der kleine Affe ist! (Look how cute the little ape is!)

In this jekyll post, we explore the German word "Affe" which translates to "monkey" or "ape" in English. This word can be used as a noun to refer to animals belonging to the primate family. Let's dive into its definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples.

#### Definitions

1. **Monkey or ape** - This is the primary definition of the word "Affe." It refers to a group of mammals that are part of the primate family and typically possess a long tail and an agile nature.

#### Opposites

1. **Mensch (human)** - While not a direct opposite, "Mensch" is a term used for humans. This can be considered an opposite in the context of animals versus humans.

#### Synonyms

1. **Primat (primate)** - A synonym for "Affe" is "Primat," which encompasses a broader range of primate species.
2. **Menschenaffe (great ape)** - Another synonym for "Affe" specifically describes the great apes, such as chimpanzees, orangutans, and gorillas.

#### Examples

1. **Der Affe kletterte geschickt den Baum hinauf.** (The monkey skillfully climbed up the tree.) - This example demonstrates the usage of "Affe" as a noun referring to a monkey's climbing abilities.
2. **Schau mal, wie niedlich der kleine Affe ist!** (Look how cute the little ape is!) - Here, "Affe" is used to describe a cute and small ape or monkey.

By exploring the definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples of the word "Affe," we gain a better understanding of its usage in the German language. It is essential to consider the context in which this word is used, as it can refer to various species within the primate family.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Affe" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Affe%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>