---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ravine.png
title: Ravine
categories: [Nature]
tags: [German]

---

## Definition

Ravine (*die Schlucht*) refers to a deep and narrow gorge with steep sides, typically formed by the erosion of water. It is a geographical feature that can be found in various landscapes around the world. In German, the term "Schlucht" is commonly used to describe this natural formation, symbolizing the awe-inspiring power of water shaping the earth over time.

## Examples

- The Loreley Rock on the Rhine River in Germany is famous for its stunning ravine, attracting tourists from all over the world.
- Many hiking enthusiasts visit the Black Forest to explore the mysterious ravines hidden within its dense vegetation.
- The Grand Canyon in the United States is one of the most famous ravines worldwide, showcasing breathtaking views and awe-inspiring depths.

## Opposite

The opposite of a ravine would generally be a wide and open valley or plain. While ravines are characterized by their narrowness and steep sides, the opposite landscape offers expansive views and gentle slopes. In German, the opposite of a ravine is commonly referred to as "Tal" or "Ebene," meaning valley or plain respectively.

## Synonyms

- Canyon
- Gorge
- Chasm
- Abyss

Ravines can be used interchangeably with these terms in various contexts to refer to the same geographical feature.

Note: *["Ravine" is an English word, not of German origin. However, like many loanwords, it has been incorporated into the German language and commonly used in this context.]\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ravine" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ravine%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>