---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Erfolg.png
title: "Erfolg"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definition, opposite, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

**Erfolg** is a German word that translates to "success" in English. The term encompasses the accomplishment or favorable outcome of a particular endeavor or goal. It represents a positive result achieved through effort, talent, or favorable circumstances.

## Opposite

One opposite of **Erfolg** is "Misserfolg," which means "failure." While Erfolg signifies achieving goals, Misserfolg represents the inability to reach desired outcomes or falling short of expectations.

## Synonyms

There are several synonyms for **Erfolg** that highlight different aspects of success:

1. **Gelingen**: This word emphasizes the notion of success as the favorable outcome or completion of a task or endeavor.
2. **Triumph**: This synonym carries connotations of accomplishing something remarkable or extraordinary.
3. **Sieg**: This term translates to "victory" and is often associated with success in competitions or battles.
4. **Erfüllung**: This word places emphasis on a sense of fulfillment or satisfaction achieved through the accomplishment of goals.

## Examples

Here are a few examples illustrating the usage of **Erfolg**:

1. Der Künstler feierte seinen größten Erfolg mit der Veröffentlichung seines neuen Albums.
   - Translation: The artist celebrated his greatest success with the release of his new album.
2. Die Schülerin studierte hart und erzielte dadurch großen Erfolg bei ihren Prüfungen.
   - Translation: The student studied hard and achieved great success in her exams as a result.
3. Der Unternehmer war stolz auf den Erfolg seines Unternehmens und die Zufriedenheit seiner Kunden.
   - Translation: The entrepreneur was proud of the success of his company and the satisfaction of his customers.
4. Die Sportlerin kämpfte hart und erlangte den Erfolg, den sie sich so sehr gewünscht hatte.
   - Translation: The athlete fought hard and attained the success she had longed for.

Overall, **Erfolg** embodies the accomplishment and favorable outcome of endeavors, serving as a motivation and aspiration for individuals across various fields. It represents the fulfillment of goals and the realization of one's potential.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Erfolg" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Erfolg%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>