---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ausnahme.png
categories: [Language]
tags: [German]
title: Ausnahme
---

## Definitions:
- (noun) - exception

## Opposites:
- Regel (noun) - rule

## Synonyms:
- Durchbrechung (noun) - breach
- Abweichung (noun) - deviation

## Examples:
1. Ihr Verhalten war eine Ausnahme und wurde von niemandem erwartet. (Her behavior was an exception and was not expected by anyone.)
2. Mit wenigen Ausnahmen sind alle Restaurants heute geschlossen. (With a few exceptions, all restaurants are closed today.)
3. Er hat normalerweise immer gute Noten, aber diese Prüfung war eine Ausnahme. (He usually gets good grades, but this exam was an exception.)

The word "Ausnahme" in German signifies an exception. It refers to a rare occurrence or a deviation from the norm. It is used to describe situations, behaviors, or events that deviate from the usual or expected pattern. The opposite of "Ausnahme" is "Regel," which means rule.

Some synonyms for "Ausnahme" include "Durchbrechung" (breach) and "Abweichung" (deviation). These words can be used interchangeably in certain contexts to convey the same meaning as "Ausnahme."

Here are a few examples of how "Ausnahme" can be used in sentences:
1. "Ihr Verhalten war eine Ausnahme und wurde von niemandem erwartet." (Her behavior was an exception and was not expected by anyone.)
2. "Mit wenigen Ausnahmen sind alle Restaurants heute geschlossen." (With a few exceptions, all restaurants are closed today.)
3. "Er hat normalerweise immer gute Noten, aber diese Prüfung war eine Ausnahme." (He usually gets good grades, but this exam was an exception.)

Thus, "Ausnahme" is a versatile word that helps describe situations that deviate from the norm, enabling precise communication in the German language.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ausnahme" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ausnahme%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>