---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Ohr.png
title: Ohr (Ear)
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

Das Ohr, pronounced [oːɐ̯], is the German word for ear. It refers to the organ responsible for hearing in humans and animals. Additionally, Ohr also has other meanings and uses in various contexts.

- In a broader sense, Ohr can refer to the sense of hearing itself: "Ich habe ein gutes Ohr für Musik" (I have a good ear for music).
- When used metaphorically, Ohr can mean being receptive or attentive to something: "Er hat ein offenes Ohr für Probleme" (He has an open ear for problems).
- In the context of jewelry, Ohr also refers to earrings: "Sie trägt schöne Ohrringe" (She is wearing beautiful earrings).
- In architecture, Ohr is used to describe the curved, ear-like shape of certain ornaments or decorative elements.

## Opposites

The opposite of Ohr—meaning a lack of hearing or the absence of ears—is Taubheit (deafness). Taubheit refers to the condition in which a person is unable to hear due to a variety of factors such as genetic or acquired hearing loss.

## Synonyms

- Gehör: This word is used as a synonym for Ohr when referring to the sense of hearing.
- Lauscher: Another synonym for Ohr, but with an informal connotation. It is often used colloquially to refer to someone who listens secretly or eavesdrops.

## Examples

- "Der Arzt hat mein Ohr untersucht und festgestellt, dass es entzündet ist." (The doctor examined my ear and determined that it is inflamed.)
- "Sie hat ein gut geschultes Ohr und erkennt sofort, ob jemand falsch singt." (She has a well-trained ear and can immediately tell if someone is singing off-key.)
- "Die Kinder hatten Spaß beim Ohrfeigen-Wettbewerb." (The children had fun in the ear-slapping competition.)

The word Ohr encompasses not only the physical organ of hearing but also carries additional meanings and interpretations in different contexts. Whether referring to hearing, attentiveness, or ornamental shapes, this versatile word finds its place in various aspects of the German language and culture.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Ohr" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Ohr%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>