---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zuhause.png
title: Zuhause
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definitions

**Zuhause** is a German noun that translates to "home" in English. It refers to the place where someone lives, the dwelling or residence of an individual or a family. It represents a space of personal comfort, security, and belonging.

## Opposites

- **Unterwegs**: This German word means "on the go" or "out and about" and is the opposite of **Zuhause**. It denotes being away from one's home, exploring new places, or traveling.

- **Fremd**: Translating to "foreign" or "stranger," **Fremd** represents the opposite of **Zuhause**. It relates to feeling unfamiliar or out of place, lacking a sense of belonging or comfort.

## Synonyms

- **Heim**: Synonymous with **Zuhause**, **Heim** also means "home" in German. It denotes the same concept of a dwelling or a personal space where one feels safe and comfortable.

- **Wohnsitz**: This word translates to "residence" or "domicile" in English, serving as a synonym for **Zuhause**. Similar to **Zuhause**, **Wohnsitz** refers to the place where someone resides or lives.

## Examples

- "Heute fühle ich mich müde und möchte einfach noch ein paar Stunden zuhause bleiben." (Today, I feel tired and just want to stay at home for a few more hours.)

- "Nach einem langen Tag bei der Arbeit ist es schön, wieder zuhause zu sein und sich auszuruhen." (After a long day at work, it is nice to be back home and relax.)

- "Das gemütliche Zuhause meiner Großeltern in den Bergen ist mein Rückzugsort." (The cozy home of my grandparents in the mountains is my retreat.)

- "Wenn ich im Ausland bin, vermisse ich mein Zuhause und die Vertrautheit meiner eigenen Umgebung." (When I am abroad, I miss my home and the familiarity of my own surroundings.)

**Note:** The word "Zuhause" carries a deep emotional significance and may have personal connotations for each individual, evoking unique feelings of comfort, nostalgia, or security.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zuhause" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zuhause%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>