---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Tür.png
title: Tür (Door)
categories: [vocabulary]
tags: [german, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

A **Tür** (door) is an essential element in every building and serves as an access point to rooms and spaces. This word can have several meanings and usages.

## Definitions

1. **Eingangstür** (entrance door): The primary door that leads into a building or premises.
2. **Zimmertür** (room door): The door separating one room from another within a building.
3. **Haustür** (front door): The main entrance door to a house or apartment.
4. **Kellertür** (cellar door): A door leading to a basement or cellar area.
5. **Fluchttür** (emergency exit door): A door designed to provide an escape route during emergencies.

## Opposites

- **Offen** (open): In contrast to a closed door, an open door allows passage and visibility between spaces.
- **Geschlossen** (closed): Door state in which it is shut, preventing entry or exit.
- **Verriegelt/Verschlossen** (locked): A door that is secured with a lock mechanism.

## Synonyms

- **Portal** (portal)
- **Eingang** (entrance)
- **Zugang** (access)
- **Pforte** (gate)
- **Tor** (gate)

## Examples

1. Bitte klopf an die Tür, bevor du hereinkommst. (Please knock on the door before entering.)
2. Die Tür zur Küche steht offen, du kannst reingehen. (The door to the kitchen is open, you can go in.)
3. Die Haustür war schwer zu öffnen, aber ich habe es geschafft. (The front door was difficult to open, but I managed.)
4. Der Notausgang wird durch eine rote Tür markiert. (The emergency exit is marked by a red door.)
5. Der Schlüssel steckt von innen, die Tür ist verschlossen. (The key is inserted from the inside, the door is locked.)

Remember, doors not only provide practical functions but also symbolize opportunities, interactions, and transitions.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Tür" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Tür%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>