---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Zitrone.png
title: Zitrone
categories: [german]
tags: [word, definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

## Definition

Zitrone (feminine noun) is a German word that refers to a citrus fruit known as "lemon" in English. It belongs to the Rutaceae family and is characterized by its yellow color, sour taste, and fragrant aroma. Zitronen are widely used in culinary dishes, beverages, and as a natural remedy due to their high vitamin C content.

## Opposites

- Orange (feminine noun): The orange is another citrus fruit that is often considered as the opposite of a Zitrone in terms of taste and color. While Zitronen have a sour taste and are yellow, Orangen have a sweet taste and are orange.
- Süß (adjective): Süß means "sweet" in German and can be seen as an opposite to the sour taste of a Zitrone.

## Synonyms

- Limone (feminine noun): Limone is an Italian borrowing and is used as a synonym for Zitrone in German.
- Säuerlich (adjective): Säuerlich means "acidic" in German and can be used as a synonym to describe the sour taste of a Zitrone.

## Examples

1. "Ich habe eine Zitrone in den Salat gepresst, um ihm eine frische Note zu geben." (I squeezed a lemon into the salad to give it a fresh flavor.)
2. "Um meine Erkältung zu bekämpfen, trinke ich warmes Wasser mit Zitrone." (To fight my cold, I drink warm water with lemon.)

Note: Markdown format was used to structure the content of this Jekyll post.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Zitrone" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Zitrone%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>