---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Autobahn.png
title: Autobahn
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---
The German word "Autobahn" refers to a specific type of road in Germany. It is a compound noun formed by combining the words "auto" (car) and "bahn" (road or way). The Autobahn is an integral part of the German highway system and is known for its unrestricted speed limits in certain sections. Here are some definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples associated with the term:

**Definitions:**
- A federally controlled-access highway in Germany.
- A high-speed road that connects major cities and regions.
- Designed for safe and efficient travel, with specific regulations and infrastructure.

**Opposites:**
- Landstraße: a country road with lower speed limits and more intersections.
- Nebenstraße: a secondary road that is not part of the Autobahn network.

**Synonyms:**
- Kraftfahrstraße: another term for an Autobahn, specifically emphasizing road use by motor vehicles.

**Examples:**
- "Die Autobahn A7 verbindet Hamburg und München." (The Autobahn A7 connects Hamburg and Munich.)
- "Auf der Autobahn ist die Höchstgeschwindigkeit mancherorts unbegrenzt." (On the Autobahn, the speed limit is unrestricted in certain areas.)

The Autobahn is not only an iconic feature of German infrastructure but also represents a symbol of efficient transportation and the automotive engineering prowess of Germany.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Autobahn" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Autobahn%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>