---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Kleidung.png
categories: [language]
tags: [german]
title: Kleidung (Clothing)

---

**Definition:**
Kleidung is a German noun that translates to "clothing" in English. It refers to the garments or accessories worn by individuals for protection, comfort, modesty, or style.

**Opposites:**
- Nackt (naked): The opposite of Kleidung, meaning to be without any clothing.
- Tracht (costume): While Kleidung refers to daily attire, Tracht refers to traditional or regional costumes.

**Synonyms:**
- Anzug (suit): Refers specifically to a formal ensemble consisting of a jacket and trousers or skirt.
- Outfit (outfit): A more casual term for clothing or attire, generally referring to a specific combination of garments.

**Examples:**
1. "Ich ziehe mich warm an, bevor ich nach draußen gehe, da ich meine Kleidung immer passend zur Wetterlage auswähle." (I dress warmly before going outside, as I always select my clothing according to the weather conditions.)
2. "Sie hat ihr Abendkleid für die Gala ausgewählt." (She has chosen her evening gown for the gala.)

Kleidung plays a significant role in self-expression, cultural identity, and personal style. In German culture, traditional clothing, such as dirndls or lederhosen, are often worn during festivals or special occasions. Whether functional or fashionable, Kleidung is an essential part of our everyday lives.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Kleidung" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Kleidung%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>