---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Hunger.png
categories: [Language]
tags: [German]
title: "Hunger"
---

## Definition
*Hunger* is a German word that translates to "hunger" in English. It is a noun that describes the feeling of discomfort or weakness caused by a lack of food. Hunger is the physiological sensation that signals the body's need for nourishment and sustenance.

## Opposite
The opposite of *Hunger* is *Sättigung*, which means "satiety" or "fullness" in English. While hunger signifies the need for food, satiety indicates that the body's hunger has been satisfied and no further food is required.

## Synonyms
Some synonyms for *Hunger* include:
- **Appetit** (appetite): the desire to eat or consume food.
- **Heißhunger** (craving): an intense and uncontrollable desire for a specific type of food.
- **Leerlauf** (empty stomach): the sensation of having an empty stomach due to hunger.

## Examples
1. Ich habe großen *Hunger* und würde gerne etwas essen. (I'm very hungry and would like to eat something.)
2. Nach dem anstrengenden Training verspürte er einen starken *Hunger*. (After the intense workout, he felt a strong hunger.)
3. Sie hatte keinen *Hunger* mehr, nachdem sie ein großes Mittagessen gegessen hatte. (She no longer felt hunger after eating a big lunch.)
4. Der Geruch von frisch gebackenem Brot löste sofort *Hunger* bei ihm aus. (The smell of freshly baked bread immediately triggered hunger in him.)

Remember, it is important to fulfill your *Hunger* by consuming nutritious meals to maintain a healthy lifestyle.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Hunger" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Hunger%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>