---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Liebe.png
title: Liebe
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Liebe**

**Definitions:**

- Feeling of deep affection or attachment towards someone or something.
- Strong liking or desire for something.
- Kindness, goodwill, and consideration towards others.
- Romantic and sexual attraction towards someone.
- A term used to refer to a person who is loved or adored, such as a sweetheart or beloved.

**Opposites:**

- Hass (Hate): The direct opposite of love, expressing strong dislike or enmity towards someone or something.
- Gleichgültigkeit (Indifference): Lack of interest or concern, a feeling of not caring.
- Abneigung (Aversion): A strong dislike or unwillingness towards someone or something.

**Synonyms:**

- Zuneigung (Affection)
- Hingabe (Devotion)
- Verliebtheit (Infatuation)
- Leidenschaft (Passion)

**Examples:**

1. Ich liebe dich. (I love you.)
2. Die Mutter liebt ihr Kind bedingungslos. (The mother loves her child unconditionally.)
3. Er liebt es, Klavier zu spielen. (He loves to play the piano.)
4. Die beiden sind seit Jahren ineinander verliebt. (The two have been in love with each other for years.)
5. Seine Liebe zur Natur ist offensichtlich. (His love for nature is evident.)

Love is a complex emotion that can take many forms and be directed towards various individuals or objects. It is a fundamental human experience that brings joy, warmth, and fulfillment. Love can be shared between friends, family members, romantic partners, or even activities and hobbies. It is an essential aspect of human connection and plays a significant role in personal relationships and well-being.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Liebe" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Liebe%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>