---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Wasser.png
title: Wasser (Water)
categories: [language]
tags: [german, definition, opposite, synonym, examples]

---

## Definition

Wasser is the German word for water. It is a transparent, odorless, tasteless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain. Water is essential for life, as it is required for most biological processes and is a universal solvent.

## Opposite

The opposite of Wasser is "Trockenheit" (Dryness). While Wasser refers to the presence of water, Trockenheit indicates the absence or lack of water. For example, a desert is characterized by extreme Trockenheit.

## Synonyms

1. Flüssigkeit (Liquid): This term is often used interchangeably with Wasser to refer to any kind of liquid substance.
2. H2O: This scientific term is another synonym for Wasser, representing its chemical formula.

## Examples

- Trinkwasser (Drinking water): It is important to consume clean and safe Trinkwasser to maintain good health.
- Regenwasser (Rainwater): Regenwasser is collected in rain barrels for various uses, such as watering plants or washing cars.
- Meereswasser (Seawater): Meereswasser is salty due to its high concentration of dissolved mineral salts.
- Leitungswasser (Tap water): In most developed countries, Leitungswasser is treated and safe for drinking directly from the tap.
- Mineralwasser (Mineral water): Mineralwasser is sourced from natural springs and often contains beneficial minerals.

Note: Wasser is written capitalized because it is a noun in German.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Wasser" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Wasser%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>