---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Freunde.png
title: "Freunde" 
categories: [German]
tags: [word, definition, opposite, synonym, examples]

---

### Freunde

Freunde (noun) is a German word that translates to "friends" in English. It refers to individuals who share a deep bond of camaraderie and affection. 

#### Definition
- Friendliness and mutual trust characterize the relationship between friends. Friends provide emotional support, understanding, and companionship to one another. They share common interests, spend time together, and are there for each other during both joyful and challenging times.

#### Opposite
- The opposite of "Freunde" would be "Feinde" (noun), which means "enemies." While friends bring positivity and support into our lives, enemies bring negativity and conflict. 

#### Synonyms
- Synonyms for "Freunde" include "Kumpel" (buddy), "Mitstreiter" (comrade), or "Gefährte" (companion). These words denote a similar connection and bond between individuals.

#### Examples
- "Meine Freunde haben mir geholfen, als ich in Schwierigkeiten war." (My friends helped me when I was in trouble.)
- "Wir sind schon seit der Kindheit Freunde und teilen viele Erinnerungen." (We have been friends since childhood and share many memories.)
- "Mit meinen Freunden kann ich über alles sprechen." (I can talk about anything with my friends.)

Friends play a crucial role in our lives, providing support, understanding, and companionship. They enhance our happiness and well-being, making life more enjoyable and fulfilling.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query=""Freunde" " data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20"Freunde" %20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>