---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Streifen.png
title: Streifen
categories: [German Vocabulary]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]
---

**Streifen** [noun] (category: Objekt) is a German word that can be translated as "stripe" in English. Below, you will find various definitions, opposites, synonyms, and examples that provide a deeper understanding of this word.

## Definitions:
1. A long, narrow line or band that differs in color or texture from its surroundings.
2. A strip or stroke made with a brush, pen, or similar tool.
3. A line or marking appearing on a surface, such as a road, fabric, or wallpaper.

## Opposites:
- Vollfläche (solid/coloring in its entirety)
- Einheitlich (uniform)

## Synonyms:
- Band (band)
- Balken (bar)
- Linie (line)

## Examples:
1. Die Flagge Deutschlands besteht aus drei horizontalen _Streifen_ - schwarz, rot und gold. (The flag of Germany consists of three horizontal _stripes_ - black, red, and gold.)
2. Das Zebra hat schwarze und weiße _Streifen_ auf seinem Fell. (The zebra has black and white _stripes_ on its fur.)
3. Der Gärtner bemalte die Wände des Gartens mit bunten _Streifen_. (The gardener painted the walls of the garden with colorful _stripes_.)
4. Die Fußgängerampel zeigt einen roten und einen grünen _Streifen_ an. (The pedestrian traffic light displays a red and a green _stripe_.)

Understanding the word "Streifen" is crucial to accurately describe patterns, colors, and markings you may encounter in various contexts. Learning and utilizing this term will enhance both your comprehension of the German language and your ability to express yourself effectively.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Streifen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Streifen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>