---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Glauben.png
title: Glauben (Believe)
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Definition:**

"Glauben" is a German word that translates to "believe" in English. It is derived from the verb "glauben" and is often used in various contexts to express faith, trust, or confidence in something or someone.

**Opposites:**

1. Zweifeln (doubt): The opposite of "glauben" is "zweifeln," which means to doubt. While "glauben" signifies a strong conviction, "zweifeln" represents uncertainty or skepticism.

2. Ablehnen (reject): Another opposite of "glauben" is "ablehnen," which means to reject or deny. When someone refuses to believe in something, they are often described as "ablehnend" (rejecting).

**Synonyms:**

1. Vertrauen (trust): "Vertrauen" is a synonym of "glauben" that specifically denotes trust. Both words refer to having confidence or reliance in someone or something.

2. Überzeugt sein (be convinced): "Überzeugt sein" can be used as a phrase synonymous with "glauben." It implies being convinced or having a strong belief in something.

**Examples:**

1. Ich glaube, dass er die Wahrheit sagt. (I believe that he is telling the truth.)
2. Sie glaubt an die Kraft der Liebe. (She believes in the power of love.)
3. Wir glauben an ein gerechtes System. (We believe in a just system.)

In German, "glauben" is a versatile word that underscores the significance of belief and trust in various aspects of life. Whether it is placing faith in a person, idea, or concept, "glauben" plays a crucial role in shaping our understanding of the world.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Glauben" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Glauben%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>