---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Fließen.png
categories: [Word Definitions]
tags: [german, language]
title: "Fließen"
---

# Fließen

**[fließen]** *(intransitive verb)*

## Definition

1. to flow, to move continuously in a particular direction, like water
2. to pour (liquid) out of a container, often in a steady stream
3. to extend smoothly or effortlessly, like a flowing fabric or hair

## Opposites

- [stehen] - to stand
- [stillstehen] - to be stationary

## Synonyms

- [strömen] - to stream
- [rinnen] - to trickle

## Examples

1. Das Wasser fließt den Fluss hinunter. (The water flows down the river.)
2. Sie ließ den Wein in die Gläser fließen. (She poured the wine into the glasses.)
3. Der Vorhang fließt sanft im Wind. (The curtain flows gently in the wind.)

Fließen is a versatile German word that primarily refers to the movement of liquids, but can also be used metaphorically to describe other smooth or continuous actions. It can be used to depict the flow of water, such as in rivers, streams, or even pouring liquids from containers. Additionally, it conveys the idea of something extending smoothly, like the motion of a flowing fabric or the way hair falls gracefully.

As for its antonyms, stehen represents the opposite of fließen as it means "to stand." On the other hand, stillstehen specifically implies a state of being stationary or not moving.

Synonym-wise, fließen can be substituted with strömen, which conveys the idea of streaming, or rinnen, which emphasizes a slower and gentler trickling motion.

Here are a few examples to demonstrate the usage of fließen in context:

1. The water flows down the river.
2. She poured the wine into the glasses.
3. The curtain flows gently in the wind.

Remember, the word fließen can be applied to various scenarios beyond literal flowing liquids, giving your German conversations a touch of smoothness and elegance.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Fließen" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Fließen%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>