---
layout: post
image: assets/images/posts/Stuhl.png
title: "Stuhl"
categories: [German Words]
tags: [definitions, opposites, synonyms, examples]

---

**Stuhl** (Chair)

*Definition(s):*
- A piece of furniture with a raised surface used for sitting, commonly having four legs and a backrest.
- In medicine, the term "Stuhl" also refers to stool, which is the solid waste product that is eliminated from the body through the anus.

*Opposite(s):*
- Liegen (to lie down)
- Boden (floor)

*Synonym(s):*
- Sitzgelegenheit (seating)
- Sessel (armchair)
- Bank (bench)

*Examples:*
1. Der Stuhl im Wohnzimmer ist bequem. (The chair in the living room is comfortable.)
2. Ich habe einen neuen Stuhl f端r mein B端ro gekauft. (I bought a new chair for my office.)
3. In der Arztpraxis m端ssen Sie auf dem Stuhl Platz nehmen. (In the doctor's office, you need to take a seat on the chair.)
4. Der Stuhl ist stabil und haltbar. (The chair is stable and durable.)
5. Der Stuhl war zu hoch f端r das Kind. (The chair was too high for the child.)
6. Bitte lassen Sie den Stuhl in einer aufrechten Position. (Please keep the chair in an upright position.)

The word "Stuhl" in German has various meanings depending on the context. It is commonly used to refer to a chair, which is a piece of furniture used for sitting. However, in medical contexts, it can also mean stool, which is the solid waste product eliminated from the body. The opposite of sitting on a chair is lying down or being on the floor. Some synonyms for "Stuhl" include Sitzgelegenheit (seating), Sessel (armchair), and Bank (bench). The examples provided showcase different ways the word can be used in sentences.\ <a id="yg-widget-0" class="youglish-widget" data-query="Stuhl" data-lang="german" data-components="8412" data-auto-start="0" data-bkg-color="theme_light" data-title="How%20to%20pronounce%20Stuhl%20in%20German"  rel="nofollow" href="https://youglish.com">Visit YouGlish.com</a><script async src="https://youglish.com/public/emb/widget.js" charset="utf-8"></script>